docs/pages/protocol-fee.mdx, before:

# Protocol Fees

The protocol implements several fee mechanisms:

1. Channel Creation Fee (default: 0.02 ETH)

   - Paid when creating a new channel
   - Can be adjusted by the protocol owner
   - Can be retrieved by calling `getChannelCreationFee()`[/protocol-reference/ProtocolFees#getchannelcreationfee--uint96-external] on `ChannelManager`

2. Comment Creation Fee (default: 0)

   - Can be enabled for spam prevention
   - Set by the protocol owner
   - Can be retrieved by calling `getCommentCreationFee()`[/protocol-reference/ProtocolFees#getcommentcreationfee--uint96-external] on `ChannelManager`

3. Hook Transaction Fee (default: 2%)

   - Applied to the total fee passed to hooks
   - Measured in basis points (1 bp = 0.01%)

4. Hook Fee
   - The hook contract may or may not implement a fee mechanism
   - How the fee is taken is entirely up to the hook contract implementation
   - There is currently no standard way to retrieve the hook fee value
   - **We are working on an SDK helper function** to estimate the required fee based on known hook contracts

## Example: Calculating fee required for posting a comment

When posting a comment (including replies), the fee consists of the `comment creation fee` and the `total fee passed to the hook`.

```
Total fee required = Comment creation fee + Total fee passed to the hook
```

The `total fee passed to the hook` is calculated as follows:

```
Total fee passed to the hook = fee required by the hook / (1 - Hook transaction fee)
```

Let's use the "Takes" channel used by [interface.social](https://interface.social) as an example. Here are the steps required to calculate the total fee needed to post a comment:

```typescript
...
// 1. Get the comment creation fee required by the protocol

const { fee: commentCreationFee } = await getCommentCreationFee({
  readContract: publicClient.readContract,
});

console.log("Comment creation fee:", commentCreationFee);

// 2. Get the hook address from the channel

const channel = await getChannel({
  channelId,
  readContract: publicClient.readContract,
});

console.log("Channel hook address:", channel.hook);

// if the channel has no hook, use the comment creation fee as the total fee required
if (!channel.hook) {
  return commentCreationFee;
}

// 3. Get the hook transaction fee required by the protocol

const { fee: transactionHookFee } = await getHookTransactionFee({
  readContract: publicClient.readContract,
});

console.log("Transaction hook fee:", transactionHookFee);

// 4. Since we know the hook is a "Takes" channel hook, we know they have a
// commentFee function to retrieve the fee required by the hook

const takesChannelHookCommentFeeABI = parseAbi([
  "function commentFee() view returns (uint256)",
]);

const hookCommentFee = await publicClient.readContract({
  abi: takesChannelHookCommentFeeABI,
  address: channel.hook ?? never('hook address not found'),
  functionName: "commentFee",
});

console.log("Hook comment fee:", hookCommentFee);

// 5. Calculate the total fee required
const totalFee = commentCreationFee + (hookCommentFee * 10000n) / BigInt(10000 - transactionHookFee);

console.log("Total fee required:", totalFee);

return totalFee;
```

For full examples, please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/tree/main/examples/snippets/typescript/retrieve-takes-channel-hook-post-fee.ts)

Commit message:

feat(protocol,sdk): Interfaces and SDK helpers for estimatable hooks (#536)
* feat(protocol): Base contract/interface for estimatable hook

* feat(sdk): add sdk functions for fee estimation

* fix(sdk): allow custom channelManagerAddress on helper for fee estimation

* refactor(protocol): should force new devs to pay attention to fee estimators

provided NoFeeHook for hooks that do not need to pay any fee

* test(protocol): add edit comment fee to FlatFeeHook so later we can test editing fee estimation

* fix(sdk): fix missing param for set channel manager

* feat(sdk): add consolidated helper for fee estimation

* fix(sdk): fix fee estimating function names and update examples

* chore(snippets): update snippets to make it more readable

* fix(sdk): imports and tests

* fix(sdk): make channelManagerAddress consistent

* feat(sdk): probe legacy known hooks

* docs: update protocol fee to include our new SDK helpers

* fix: protocol-fee docs style

* docs: improve wording

* docs: add link to the doc for sdk helper examples

* test(sdk): added more tests for legacy take channel

* chore: sync docs

docs/pages/protocol-fee.mdx, after:

# Protocol Fees

The protocol implements several fee mechanisms:

1. Channel Creation Fee (default: 0.02 ETH)

   - Paid when creating a new channel
   - Can be adjusted by the protocol owner
   - Can be retrieved by calling `getChannelCreationFee()`[/protocol-reference/ProtocolFees#getchannelcreationfee--uint96-external] on `ChannelManager`

2. Comment Creation Fee (default: 0)

   - Can be enabled for spam prevention
   - Set by the protocol owner
   - Can be retrieved by calling `getCommentCreationFee()`[/protocol-reference/ProtocolFees#getcommentcreationfee--uint96-external] on `ChannelManager`

3. Hook Transaction Fee (default: 2%)

   - Applied to the total fee passed to hooks
   - Measured in basis points (1 bp = 0.01%)

4. Hook Fee
   - The hook contract may or may not implement a fee mechanism
   - How the fee is taken is entirely up to the hook contract implementation
   - There is currently no standard way to retrieve the hook fee value
   - **We are working on an SDK helper function** to estimate the required fee based on known hook contracts

## Calculating fee required for posting a comment

> ⚠️ Before you dive into the details, please note that we've implemented helper functions to calculate the total fee required for posting/editing a comment on a channel.
> Please see the links at the end of this section.

When posting a comment (including replies), the fee consists of the `comment creation fee` and the `total fee passed to the hook`.

```
Total fee required = Comment creation fee + Total fee passed to the hook
```

The `total fee passed to the hook` is calculated as follows:

```
Total fee passed to the hook = fee required by the hook / (1 - Hook transaction fee)
```

## SDK Helper Functions

We’ve added helper functions to simplify fee calculations when posting or editing comments in a channel. Instead of manually gathering all the required details, these helpers handle the logic for you and return the total fee directly.

- [estimateChannelPostCommentFee](https://comments-monorepo-docs-git-feat-estimatable-hook-discove.vercel.app/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/estimateChannelPostCommentFee)
- [estimateChannelEditCommentFee](https://comments-monorepo-docs-git-feat-estimatable-hook-discove.vercel.app/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/estimateChannelEditCommentFee)

Example of using the helper functions can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/tree/main/examples/snippets/typescript/retrieve-estimatable-channel-hook-fee-via-sdk.ts)

### Example: Calculating fee required for posting a comment on the "Takes" channel

Let's use the "Takes" channel used by [interface.social](https://interface.social) as an example. Here are the steps required to calculate the total fee needed to post a comment:

```typescript
...
// 1. Get the comment creation fee required by the protocol

const { fee: commentCreationFee } = await getCommentCreationFee({
  readContract: publicClient.readContract,
});

console.log("Comment creation fee:", commentCreationFee);

// 2. Get the hook address from the channel

const channel = await getChannel({
  channelId,
  readContract: publicClient.readContract,
});

console.log("Channel hook address:", channel.hook);

// if the channel has no hook, use the comment creation fee as the total fee required
if (!channel.hook) {
  return commentCreationFee;
}

// 3. Get the hook transaction fee required by the protocol

const { fee: transactionHookFee } = await getHookTransactionFee({
  readContract: publicClient.readContract,
});

console.log("Transaction hook fee:", transactionHookFee);

// 4. Since we know the hook is a "Takes" channel hook, we know they have a
// commentFee function to retrieve the fee required by the hook

const takesChannelHookCommentFeeABI = parseAbi([
  "function commentFee() view returns (uint256)",
]);

const hookCommentFee = await publicClient.readContract({
  abi: takesChannelHookCommentFeeABI,
  address: channel.hook ?? never('hook address not found'),
  functionName: "commentFee",
});

console.log("Hook comment fee:", hookCommentFee);

// 5. Calculate the total fee required
const totalFee = commentCreationFee + (hookCommentFee * 10000n) / BigInt(10000 - transactionHookFee);

console.log("Total fee required:", totalFee);

return totalFee;
```

For full examples, please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/tree/main/examples/snippets/typescript/retrieve-takes-channel-hook-post-fee.ts)
