docs/pages/protocol-reference/CommentsV1.md, before:

##### @ecp.eth/protocol

----

# `CommentsV1`

This contract allows users to post and manage comments with optional app-signer approval


Implements EIP-712 for typed structured data hashing and signing

## Structs

### `CommentData`


- **content:** string


- **metadata:** string


- **targetUri:** string


- **parentId:** bytes32


- **author:** address


- **appSigner:** address


- **nonce:** uint256


- **deadline:** uint256





## Events

### `CommentAdded(bytes32 commentId, address author, address appSigner, struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData)`

Emitted when a new comment is added




### `CommentDeleted(bytes32 commentId, address author)`

Emitted when a comment is deleted




### `ApprovalAdded(address author, address appSigner)`

Emitted when an author approves an app signer




### `ApprovalRemoved(address author, address appSigner)`

Emitted when an author removes an app signer's approval





## Functions

### `postCommentAsAuthor(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData, bytes appSignature)` (external)

Posts a comment directly from the author's address




### `postComment(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData, bytes authorSignature, bytes appSignature)` (external)

Posts a comment with both author and app signer signatures




### `_postComment(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData, bytes authorSignature, bytes appSignature)` (internal)

Internal function to handle comment posting logic




### `deleteCommentAsAuthor(bytes32 commentId)` (external)

Deletes a comment when called by the author directly




### `deleteComment(bytes32 commentId, address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline, bytes authorSignature, bytes appSignature)` (external)

Deletes a comment with author signature verification




### `_deleteComment(bytes32 commentId, address author)` (internal)

Internal function to handle comment deletion logic




### `_addApproval(address author, address appSigner)` (internal)

Internal function to add an app signer approval




### `_removeApproval(address author, address appSigner)` (internal)

Internal function to remove an app signer approval




### `addApprovalAsAuthor(address appSigner)` (external)

Approves an app signer when called directly by the author




### `removeApprovalAsAuthor(address appSigner)` (external)

Removes an app signer approval when called directly by the author




### `addApproval(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline, bytes signature)` (external)

Approves an app signer with signature verification




### `removeApproval(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline, bytes signature)` (external)

Removes an app signer approval with signature verification




### `getAddApprovalHash(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for a permit




### `getRemoveApprovalHash(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for removing an approval




### `getDeleteCommentHash(bytes32 commentId, address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for deleting a comment




### `getCommentId(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for a comment

Commit message:

docs: upgrade solidity-codegen to custom version to output struct comment (#202)

docs/pages/protocol-reference/CommentsV1.md, after:

##### @ecp.eth/protocol

----

# `CommentsV1`

This contract allows users to post and manage comments with optional app-signer approval


Implements EIP-712 for typed structured data hashing and signing

## Structs

### `CommentData`


- **content:** (string) The actual text content of the comment



- **metadata:** (string) Additional JSON metadata for the comment



- **targetUri:** (string) the URI about which the comment is being made



- **parentId:** (bytes32) The ID of the parent comment if this is a reply, otherwise bytes32(0)



- **author:** (address) The address of the comment author



- **appSigner:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **nonce:** (uint256) The nonce for the comment


- **deadline:** (uint256) Timestamp after which the signatures for this comment become invalid






## Events

### `CommentAdded(bytes32 commentId, address author, address appSigner, struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData)`

Emitted when a new comment is added




### `CommentDeleted(bytes32 commentId, address author)`

Emitted when a comment is deleted




### `ApprovalAdded(address author, address appSigner)`

Emitted when an author approves an app signer




### `ApprovalRemoved(address author, address appSigner)`

Emitted when an author removes an app signer's approval





## Functions

### `postCommentAsAuthor(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData, bytes appSignature)` (external)

Posts a comment directly from the author's address




### `postComment(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData, bytes authorSignature, bytes appSignature)` (external)

Posts a comment with both author and app signer signatures




### `_postComment(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData, bytes authorSignature, bytes appSignature)` (internal)

Internal function to handle comment posting logic




### `deleteCommentAsAuthor(bytes32 commentId)` (external)

Deletes a comment when called by the author directly




### `deleteComment(bytes32 commentId, address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline, bytes authorSignature, bytes appSignature)` (external)

Deletes a comment with author signature verification




### `_deleteComment(bytes32 commentId, address author)` (internal)

Internal function to handle comment deletion logic




### `_addApproval(address author, address appSigner)` (internal)

Internal function to add an app signer approval




### `_removeApproval(address author, address appSigner)` (internal)

Internal function to remove an app signer approval




### `addApprovalAsAuthor(address appSigner)` (external)

Approves an app signer when called directly by the author




### `removeApprovalAsAuthor(address appSigner)` (external)

Removes an app signer approval when called directly by the author




### `addApproval(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline, bytes signature)` (external)

Approves an app signer with signature verification




### `removeApproval(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline, bytes signature)` (external)

Removes an app signer approval with signature verification




### `getAddApprovalHash(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for a permit




### `getRemoveApprovalHash(address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for removing an approval




### `getDeleteCommentHash(bytes32 commentId, address author, address appSigner, uint256 nonce, uint256 deadline) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for deleting a comment




### `getCommentId(struct CommentsV1.CommentData commentData) → bytes32` (public)

Calculates the EIP-712 hash for a comment
