docs/pages/sdk-reference/react/functions/useGaslessTransaction.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [react](/sdk-reference/react/index.mdx) / useGaslessTransaction

# Function: useGaslessTransaction()

> **useGaslessTransaction**\<`TVariables`, `TReturnValue`, `TInputVariables`\>(`props`): `UseMutationResult`\<`TReturnValue`, `Error`, `TInputVariables`, `unknown`\>

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/react.tsx:42](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/react.tsx#L42)

A hook for repeat gasless transaction pattern

Gasless transaction typically requires 3 steps:
1. prepare typed data to be passed to `signTypedData`, typicall this is also created from server side with an app signature.
2. sign typed data on client side
3. send the dual signed data to server

This hook abstracts these steps and help with the repetition of the pattern.

## Type Parameters

• **TVariables** *extends* `undefined` \| `object`

• **TReturnValue**

• **TInputVariables** = `void`

## Parameters

### props

#### prepareSignTypedDataParams

(`variables`) => `Promise`\<`SignTypedDataParameters` \| \{ `signTypedDataParams`: `SignTypedDataParameters`; `variables`: `TVariables`; \}\>

#### sendSignedData

(`args`) => `Promise`\<`TReturnValue`\>

#### signTypedData?

(`signTypedDataParams`) => `Promise`\<`` `0x${string}` ``\>

## Returns

`UseMutationResult`\<`TReturnValue`, `Error`, `TInputVariables`, `unknown`\>

Commit message:

docs: grammar fixes (#186)
* chore: regenerate docs

* fix: docs using ai

* chore: fix comments

* docs: regenerate

* fix: params

docs/pages/sdk-reference/react/functions/useGaslessTransaction.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [react](/sdk-reference/react/index.mdx) / useGaslessTransaction

# Function: useGaslessTransaction()

> **useGaslessTransaction**\<`TVariables`, `TReturnValue`, `TInputVariables`, `TSignTypedDataParams`\>(`props`): `UseMutationResult`\<`TReturnValue`, `Error`, `TInputVariables`, `unknown`\>

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/react.tsx:42](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/react.tsx#L42)

A hook for repeat gasless transaction pattern

Gasless transaction typically requires 3 steps:
1. prepare typed data to be passed to `signTypedData`, typically this is also created from server side with an app signature.
2. sign typed data on client side
3. send the dual signed data to server

This hook abstracts these steps and help with the repetition of the pattern.

## Type Parameters

• **TVariables** *extends* `undefined` \| `object`

• **TReturnValue**

• **TInputVariables** = `void`

• **TSignTypedDataParams** *extends* `SignTypedDataParameters` = `SignTypedDataParameters`

## Parameters

### props

#### prepareSignTypedDataParams

(`variables`) => `Promise`\<`TSignTypedDataParams` \| \{ `signTypedDataParams`: `TSignTypedDataParams`; `variables`: `TVariables`; \}\>

#### sendSignedData

(`args`) => `Promise`\<`TReturnValue`\>

#### signTypedData?

(`signTypedDataParams`) => `Promise`\<`` `0x${string}` ``\>

## Returns

`UseMutationResult`\<`TReturnValue`, `Error`, `TInputVariables`, `unknown`\>
