docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / defaultExports

# defaultExports

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK default exports

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [FetchAuthorDataOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchAuthorDataOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchAuthorData()` |
| [FetchCommentRepliesOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentRepliesOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchCommentReplies()` |
| [FetchCommentsOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentsOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchComments()` |
| [IsMutedOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/IsMutedOptions.mdx) | The options for `isMuted()` |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ADD\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/ADD_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [COMMENTS\_EMBED\_DEFAULT\_BY\_AUTHOR\_URL](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENTS_EMBED_DEFAULT_BY_AUTHOR_URL.mdx) | The default `embedUri` for the CommentsByAuthorEmbed component. It runs a service that creates app signatures for requests and submits the transaction to the CommentsV1 contract. |
| [COMMENTS\_EMBED\_DEFAULT\_URL](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENTS_EMBED_DEFAULT_URL.mdx) | The default `embedUri` for the CommentsEmbed component. It runs a service that creates app signatures for requests and submits the transaction to the CommentsV1 contract. |
| [COMMENTS\_V1\_ADDRESS](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENTS_V1_ADDRESS.mdx) | The address of the CommentsV1 contract. It is created using the CREATE2 opcode so should be identical across chains if no collisions occur. |
| [CommentsV1Abi](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/CommentsV1Abi.mdx) | ABI of the CommentsV1 contract. |
| [DELETE\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/DELETE_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [DOMAIN\_NAME](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/DOMAIN_NAME.mdx) | - |
| [DOMAIN\_VERSION](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/DOMAIN_VERSION.mdx) | - |
| [INDEXER\_API\_URL](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/INDEXER_API_URL.mdx) | The default URL for the Indexer API. |
| [REMOVE\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/REMOVE_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [createApprovalTypedData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createApprovalTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for approving comment |
| [createCommentData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createCommentData.mdx) | Create the data structure of a comment |
| [createCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for adding comment |
| [createDeleteCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createDeleteCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for deleting comment |
| [fetchAuthorData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/fetchAuthorData.mdx) | Fetch author data from the Indexer API |
| [fetchCommentReplies](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/fetchCommentReplies.mdx) | Fetch replies for a comment from the Indexer API |
| [fetchComments](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/fetchComments.mdx) | Fetch comments from the Indexer API |
| [getCommentCursor](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/getCommentCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a comment |
| [getNonce](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/getNonce.mdx) | Read the nonce from CommentsV1 contract for a given author and app signer |
| [isMuted](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/isMuted.mdx) | Checks if an address is marked as a muted on the indexer of your choice. |
| [isZeroHex](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/isZeroHex.mdx) | Check if a hex string is zero |

Commit message:

feat: use only parent id or target id never both
chore: update doc

chore: export types

chore: update docs

chore: update schemas

docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / defaultExports

# defaultExports

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK default exports

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [CreateCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParams.mdx) | The parameters for creating a comment |
| [CreateCommentDataParamsReply](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParamsReply.mdx) | The parameters for creating a reply comment |
| [CreateCommentDataParamsRoot](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParamsRoot.mdx) | The parameters for creating a root comment |
| [CreateCommentDataParamsShared](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParamsShared.mdx) | The shared parameters for creating a comment |
| [FetchAuthorDataOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchAuthorDataOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchAuthorData()` |
| [FetchCommentRepliesOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentRepliesOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchCommentReplies()` |
| [FetchCommentsOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentsOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchComments()` |
| [IsMutedOptions](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/IsMutedOptions.mdx) | The options for `isMuted()` |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ADD\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/ADD_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [COMMENTS\_EMBED\_DEFAULT\_BY\_AUTHOR\_URL](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENTS_EMBED_DEFAULT_BY_AUTHOR_URL.mdx) | The default `embedUri` for the CommentsByAuthorEmbed component. It runs a service that creates app signatures for requests and submits the transaction to the CommentsV1 contract. |
| [COMMENTS\_EMBED\_DEFAULT\_URL](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENTS_EMBED_DEFAULT_URL.mdx) | The default `embedUri` for the CommentsEmbed component. It runs a service that creates app signatures for requests and submits the transaction to the CommentsV1 contract. |
| [COMMENTS\_V1\_ADDRESS](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/COMMENTS_V1_ADDRESS.mdx) | The address of the CommentsV1 contract. It is created using the CREATE2 opcode so should be identical across chains if no collisions occur. |
| [CommentsV1Abi](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/CommentsV1Abi.mdx) | ABI of the CommentsV1 contract. |
| [DELETE\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/DELETE_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [DOMAIN\_NAME](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/DOMAIN_NAME.mdx) | - |
| [DOMAIN\_VERSION](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/DOMAIN_VERSION.mdx) | - |
| [EMPTY\_PARENT\_ID](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/EMPTY_PARENT_ID.mdx) | The parent ID for comments that are not replies. |
| [INDEXER\_API\_URL](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/INDEXER_API_URL.mdx) | The default URL for the Indexer API. |
| [REMOVE\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/variables/REMOVE_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [createApprovalTypedData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createApprovalTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for approving comment |
| [createCommentData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createCommentData.mdx) | Create the data structure of a comment |
| [createCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for adding comment |
| [createDeleteCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createDeleteCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for deleting comment |
| [fetchAuthorData](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/fetchAuthorData.mdx) | Fetch author data from the Indexer API |
| [fetchCommentReplies](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/fetchCommentReplies.mdx) | Fetch replies for a comment from the Indexer API |
| [fetchComments](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/fetchComments.mdx) | Fetch comments from the Indexer API |
| [getCommentCursor](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/getCommentCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a comment |
| [getNonce](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/getNonce.mdx) | Read the nonce from CommentsV1 contract for a given author and app signer |
| [isMuted](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/isMuted.mdx) | Checks if an address is marked as a muted on the indexer of your choice. |
| [isZeroHex](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/isZeroHex.mdx) | Check if a hex string is zero |
