docs/pages/sdk-reference/channel-manager/index.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / channel-manager

# channel-manager

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Channel Manager
Core functionality for managing comment channels

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ChannelExistsParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/ChannelExistsParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateChannelParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CreateChannelParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateChannelResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CreateChannelResult.mdx) | - |
| [ExecuteHooksParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/ExecuteHooksParams.mdx) | - |
| [ExecuteHooksResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/ExecuteHooksResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelCreationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelCreationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelCreationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelCreationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelOwnerParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelOwnerParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelOwnerResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelOwnerResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookRegistrationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookRegistrationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookRegistrationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookRegistrationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookStatusParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookStatusParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookStatusResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookStatusResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookTransactionFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookTransactionFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookTransactionFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookTransactionFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [RegisterHookParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/RegisterHookParams.mdx) | - |
| [RegisterHookResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/RegisterHookResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetBaseURIParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetBaseURIParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetBaseURIResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetBaseURIResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetChannelCreationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetChannelCreationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetChannelCreationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetChannelCreationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookGloballyEnabledParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookGloballyEnabledParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookGloballyEnabledResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookGloballyEnabledResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookRegistrationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookRegistrationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookRegistrationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookRegistrationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookTransactionFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookTransactionFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookTransactionFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookTransactionFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateChannelParams.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateChannelResult.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateCommentsContractParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateCommentsContractParams.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateCommentsContractResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateCommentsContractResult.mdx) | - |
| [WithdrawFeesParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/WithdrawFeesParams.mdx) | - |
| [WithdrawFeesResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/WithdrawFeesResult.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [channelExists](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/channelExists.mdx) | Check if a channel exists |
| [createChannel](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/createChannel.mdx) | Create a new channel |
| [executeHooks](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/executeHooks.mdx) | Execute hooks for a channel |
| [getChannel](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getChannel.mdx) | Get a channel |
| [getChannelCreationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getChannelCreationFee.mdx) | Get the creation fee from channel manager |
| [getChannelOwner](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getChannelOwner.mdx) | Get the owner of a channel |
| [getHookRegistrationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getHookRegistrationFee.mdx) | Get the fee for registering a new hook |
| [getHookStatus](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getHookStatus.mdx) | Get the status of a hook |
| [getHookTransactionFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getHookTransactionFee.mdx) | Get the hook transaction fee from channel manager |
| [registerHook](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/registerHook.mdx) | Register a hook into a global registry |
| [setBaseURI](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setBaseURI.mdx) | Sets the base URI for NFT metadata |
| [setChannelCreationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setChannelCreationFee.mdx) | Set the fee for creating a new channel |
| [setHook](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setHook.mdx) | Set the hook for a channel |
| [setHookGloballyEnabled](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setHookGloballyEnabled.mdx) | Enables or disables a hook globally |
| [setHookRegistrationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setHookRegistrationFee.mdx) | Set the fee for registering a new hook |
| [setHookTransactionFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setHookTransactionFee.mdx) | Set the percentage of the fee for the hook transaction |
| [updateChannel](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/updateChannel.mdx) | Update a channel |
| [updateCommentsContract](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/updateCommentsContract.mdx) | Updates the comments contract address |
| [withdrawFees](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/withdrawFees.mdx) | Withdraws accumulated fees to a specified address |

## References

### ChannelManagerAbiType

Re-exports [ChannelManagerAbiType](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/types/type-aliases/ChannelManagerAbiType.mdx)

***

### ContractReadFunctions

Re-exports [ContractReadFunctions](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/types/type-aliases/ContractReadFunctions.mdx)

***

### ContractWriteFunctions

Re-exports [ContractWriteFunctions](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/types/type-aliases/ContractWriteFunctions.mdx)

Commit message:

refactor(protocol): remove hook approval, add hooks (#248)
* refactor(protocol): remove hook approval, add hooks

* fix: resolve conflicts due to merge

* fix(protocol): build ABIs and fix tests (#249)

* fix: deploying contracts for tests

* chore: build abi

* chore: rename comment address constant

* fix: remove extraneous functions

* fix: assertion

* fix: add missing functions

* refactor: upper case ABI acronym

in js/ts api, the FIRST acronym or abbr are usually upper cased

e.g. XMLHttpRequest, innerHTML, DOMError

* docs: update docs according to latest changes

* chore(protocol): missing inheritdoc for methods

* fix(sdk): update contract addresses

* docs: update channel manager content (#253)

* chore(protocol): remove unused errors (#252)

* fix(protocol): calculateHookTransactionFee no need to be payable and can be simplified (#251)

* fix: according to PR comments

---------

Co-authored-by: David Furlong <dvfurlong@googlemail.com>
Co-authored-by: Michal Kvasničák <michal.kvasnicak@gmail.com>

docs/pages/sdk-reference/channel-manager/index.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / channel-manager

# channel-manager

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Channel Manager
Core functionality for managing comment channels

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [CalculateHookTransactionFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CalculateHookTransactionFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [CalculateHookTransactionFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CalculateHookTransactionFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [ChannelExistsParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/ChannelExistsParams.mdx) | - |
| [CollectChannelCreationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CollectChannelCreationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [CollectChannelCreationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CollectChannelCreationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [CreateChannelParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CreateChannelParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateChannelResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/CreateChannelResult.mdx) | - |
| [ExecuteHookParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/ExecuteHookParams.mdx) | - |
| [ExecuteHookResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/ExecuteHookResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelCreationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelCreationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelCreationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelCreationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelOwnerParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelOwnerParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelOwnerResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelOwnerResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetChannelResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookTransactionFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookTransactionFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetHookTransactionFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/GetHookTransactionFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetBaseURIParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetBaseURIParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetBaseURIResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetBaseURIResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetChannelCreationFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetChannelCreationFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetChannelCreationFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetChannelCreationFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookResult.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookTransactionFeeParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookTransactionFeeParams.mdx) | - |
| [SetHookTransactionFeeResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/SetHookTransactionFeeResult.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateChannelParams.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateChannelResult.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateCommentsContractParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateCommentsContractParams.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateCommentsContractResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/UpdateCommentsContractResult.mdx) | - |
| [WithdrawFeesParams](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/WithdrawFeesParams.mdx) | - |
| [WithdrawFeesResult](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/type-aliases/WithdrawFeesResult.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [calculateHookTransactionFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/calculateHookTransactionFee.mdx) | Calculates the hook transaction fee and returns the hook value after deducting the protocol fee. If the value is 0 or if the hook transaction fee percentage is 0, returns the original value. |
| [channelExists](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/channelExists.mdx) | Check if a channel exists |
| [collectChannelCreationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/collectChannelCreationFee.mdx) | Collects the channel creation fee. If the sent value is greater than the required fee, the excess amount will be refunded to the sender. |
| [createChannel](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/createChannel.mdx) | Create a new channel |
| [executeHook](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/executeHook.mdx) | Execute hooks for a channel |
| [getChannel](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getChannel.mdx) | Get a channel |
| [getChannelCreationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getChannelCreationFee.mdx) | Get the creation fee from channel manager |
| [getChannelOwner](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getChannelOwner.mdx) | Get the owner of a channel |
| [getHookTransactionFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/getHookTransactionFee.mdx) | Get the hook transaction fee from channel manager |
| [setBaseURI](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setBaseURI.mdx) | Sets the base URI for NFT metadata |
| [setChannelCreationFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setChannelCreationFee.mdx) | Set the fee for creating a new channel |
| [setHook](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setHook.mdx) | Set the hook for a channel |
| [setHookTransactionFee](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/setHookTransactionFee.mdx) | Set the percentage of the fee for the hook transaction |
| [updateChannel](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/updateChannel.mdx) | Update a channel |
| [updateCommentsContract](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/updateCommentsContract.mdx) | Updates the comments contract address |
| [withdrawFees](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/functions/withdrawFees.mdx) | Withdraws accumulated fees to a specified address |

## References

### ChannelManagerABIType

Re-exports [ChannelManagerABIType](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/types/type-aliases/ChannelManagerABIType.mdx)

***

### ContractReadFunctions

Re-exports [ContractReadFunctions](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/types/type-aliases/ContractReadFunctions.mdx)

***

### ContractWriteFunctions

Re-exports [ContractWriteFunctions](/sdk-reference/channel-manager/types/type-aliases/ContractWriteFunctions.mdx)
