docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createCommentData.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / createCommentData

# Function: createCommentData()

> **createCommentData**(`__namedParameters`): `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/utils.ts:110](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/utils.ts#L110)

Create the data structure of a comment

## Parameters

### \_\_namedParameters

#### appSigner

`` `0x${string}` ``

The address of the app signer

#### author

`` `0x${string}` ``

The address of the author of the comment

#### content

`string`

The content of the comment

#### deadline?

`bigint`

The deadline of the comment submission in seconds since epoch

#### metadata?

`object`

Metadata about the comment

#### parentId?

`` `0x${string}` ``

The ID of the parent comment

#### salt?

`` `0x${string}` ``

Randomly generated salt for creating a unique comment id

#### targetUri?

`string`

The URI of the page the comment is about

## Returns

`object`

The data structure of a comment

### appSigner

> **appSigner**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### author

> **author**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### content

> **content**: `string`

### deadline

> **deadline**: `bigint`

### metadata

> **metadata**: `string`

### parentId

> **parentId**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### salt

> **salt**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### targetUri

> **targetUri**: `string`

Commit message:

feat: revert the contract with nonce on postComment
docs(changeset): chore: revert back to use nonce for add comment

fix: updated embed and demo post comment code to get nonce

docs: mention getNonce in docs

docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createCommentData.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / createCommentData

# Function: createCommentData()

> **createCommentData**(`__namedParameters`): `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/utils.ts:36](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/utils.ts#L36)

Create the data structure of a comment

## Parameters

### \_\_namedParameters

#### appSigner

`` `0x${string}` ``

The address of the app signer

#### author

`` `0x${string}` ``

The address of the author of the comment

#### content

`string`

The content of the comment

#### deadline?

`bigint`

The deadline of the comment submission in seconds since epoch

#### metadata?

`object`

Metadata about the comment

#### nonce

`bigint`

The current nonce per user per app on the chain

#### parentId?

`` `0x${string}` ``

The ID of the parent comment

#### targetUri?

`string`

The URI of the page the comment is about

## Returns

`object`

The data structure of a comment

### appSigner

> **appSigner**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### author

> **author**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### content

> **content**: `string`

### deadline

> **deadline**: `bigint`

### metadata

> **metadata**: `string`

### nonce

> **nonce**: `bigint`

### parentId

> **parentId**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

### targetUri

> **targetUri**: `string`
