docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createDeleteCommentTypedData.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / createDeleteCommentTypedData

# Function: createDeleteCommentTypedData()

> **createDeleteCommentTypedData**(`__namedParameters`): `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/utils.ts:171](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/utils.ts#L171)

Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for deleting comment

## Parameters

### \_\_namedParameters

#### appSigner

`` `0x${string}` ``

#### author

`` `0x${string}` ``

#### chainId

`number`

#### commentId

`` `0x${string}` ``

#### deadline?

`bigint`

#### nonce

`bigint`

## Returns

`object`

The typed data

### domain

> **domain**: `object`

#### domain.chainId

> **chainId**: `number`

#### domain.name

> **name**: `"Comments"`

#### domain.verifyingContract

> **verifyingContract**: `"0xabD9cE1952992211dEe051Df6ed337fa6efC995d"`

#### domain.version

> **version**: `"1"`

### message

> **message**: `object`

#### message.appSigner

> **appSigner**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

#### message.author

> **author**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

#### message.commentId

> **commentId**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

#### message.deadline

> **deadline**: `bigint`

#### message.nonce

> **nonce**: `bigint`

### primaryType

> **primaryType**: `"DeleteComment"`

### types

> **types**: `object`

#### types.DeleteComment

> **DeleteComment**: (\{ `name`: `"commentId"`; `type`: `"bytes32"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"author"`; `type`: `"address"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"appSigner"`; `type`: `"address"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"nonce"`; `type`: `"uint256"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"deadline"`; `type`: `"uint256"`; \})[]

Commit message:

docs: bug fixes and improvements (#165)
* fix: typo

* chore: add note about deleting the comments

* build: allow embed.ethcomments.xyz embeds in docs on vercel

* chore: add schema

* chore: add CSP header disclaimer

* chore: comment out swap example

* chore: add comment for deletion

* chore: update docs

docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/functions/createDeleteCommentTypedData.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / createDeleteCommentTypedData

# Function: createDeleteCommentTypedData()

> **createDeleteCommentTypedData**(`__namedParameters`): `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/utils.ts:175](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/utils.ts#L175)

Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for deleting comment

The comment won't be really deleted because of the nature of the blockchain.
The purpose of this is to mark comment as deleted so indexers can do their logic for deletions.

## Parameters

### \_\_namedParameters

#### appSigner

`` `0x${string}` ``

#### author

`` `0x${string}` ``

#### chainId

`number`

#### commentId

`` `0x${string}` ``

#### deadline?

`bigint`

#### nonce

`bigint`

## Returns

`object`

The typed data

### domain

> **domain**: `object`

#### domain.chainId

> **chainId**: `number`

#### domain.name

> **name**: `"Comments"`

#### domain.verifyingContract

> **verifyingContract**: `"0xabD9cE1952992211dEe051Df6ed337fa6efC995d"`

#### domain.version

> **version**: `"1"`

### message

> **message**: `object`

#### message.appSigner

> **appSigner**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

#### message.author

> **author**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

#### message.commentId

> **commentId**: `` `0x${string}` `` = `HexSchema`

#### message.deadline

> **deadline**: `bigint`

#### message.nonce

> **nonce**: `bigint`

### primaryType

> **primaryType**: `"DeleteComment"`

### types

> **types**: `object`

#### types.DeleteComment

> **DeleteComment**: (\{ `name`: `"commentId"`; `type`: `"bytes32"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"author"`; `type`: `"address"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"appSigner"`; `type`: `"address"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"nonce"`; `type`: `"uint256"`; \} \| \{ `name`: `"deadline"`; `type`: `"uint256"`; \})[]
