apps/indexer/README.md, before:

# ECP Indexer

The ECP (Ethereum Comments Protocol) Indexer is a [Ponder](https://ponder.sh/) based service that indexes and processes comments from the EVM-compatible blockchains. It provides REST API endpoints that allow clients to efficiently query and access the indexed comment data.

## Overview

The ECP Indexer utilise [Ponder](https://ponder.sh/) to monitor `CommentManager` contract events for comment-related activities and processes them into a queryable database. It supports the following features:

- Indexes comments from ECP-compatible smart contracts
- Processes comment metadata and content
- Maintains relationships between comments (replies, threads)
- Provides REST API endpoints for querying indexed comments

### Authentication

The API is currently free to use and does not require authentication.

### Rate Limiting

If you are an enterprise user of the API please consider self hosting - we may throttle this API.

### Links

- The API endpoints: https://api.ethcomments.xyz/
- [Restful API reference and playground](https://docs.ethcomments.xyz/indexer-reference/restful)
- OpenAPI spec: https://docs.ethcomments.xyz/indexer-openapi.yaml
- GraphQL references and playground: https://api.ethcomments.xyz/graphql
- Source code: https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/tree/main/apps/indexer

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js + pnpm
- Access to an Ethereum node (e.g., Infura)
- PostgreSQL database - SQLite will be used if not provided

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up environment variables in `.env.local` for local development:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

4. Configure your database and Ethereum node connection in `.env.local`

### Start development server

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

### Start production server

```bash
pnpm run start
```

### Deployment on Railway

To deploy indexer to Railway, follow the below steps:

1. Create a new Railway project and connect it to your GitHub repository.
2. Create a new PostgreSQL database and connect it to the project via `DATABASE_URL` environment variable reference or connect it to your own PostgreSQL database.
3. Configure the following environment variables:
   - `DATABASE_URL`: PostgreSQL connection string
   - `PONDER_RPC_URL_[chain id]`: Ethereum node RPC URL for the chain you want to index, you can add multiple RPC URLs for different chains.
   - `PONDER_START_BLOCK_[chain id]`: Block number for indexer to start from (default to 0).

Nixpacks on Railway by default uses `npm` to install dependencies. The ECP repo uses `pnpm` instead. If you want dependency consistency, to make Railway respect the `pnpm` lock files when installing dependencies, follow these steps (larger deployment size and longer deployment time):

1. Configure the below environment variables to use `pnpm`:
   - `NIXPACKS_INSTALL_CMD`: set value to `pnpm install --frozen-lockfile` to use pnpm to install dependencies.
   - `NIXPACKS_BUILD_CMD`: set value to `pnpm run build` to tell nixpacks to use pnpm to build.
   - `NIXPACKS_START_CMD`: set value to `cd apps/indexer/ && pnpm run start --schema $RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT_ID` to start indexer.

If you don't mind dependency consistencies but prefer faster and smaller deployment, you can do the following:

1. Select the Railway project and then click "Add Root Directory", set the root directory to `apps/indexer`.
2. Under deploy section, configure "Custom start command" to `npm run start --schema $RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT_ID`

Commit message:

chore: fix docs, styles and bump vers (#316)
* docs fixes

* fix: install path

* fix

* fix react versions

* fix build

* bump privy version

* fix: docs (#313)

* clarify docs generation and regenerate

* fixes

* fix: privy-io messy import and clean up package.json (#314)

* fix: privy-io messy import and clean up package.json

* chore: remove unused deps

* fix(docs): privy deps and button not scrolling (#315)

* fix(demo): add deps required by privy-io

---------

Co-authored-by: David Furlong <dvfurlong@googlemail.com>

apps/indexer/README.md, after:

# Open source Ponder based indexer

We provide an open source [Ponder](https://ponder.sh/) Indexer service that indexes and processes comments from the EVM-compatible blockchains. It provides REST API endpoints that allow clients to efficiently query and access the indexed comment data.

## Overview

The ECP Indexer monitors `CommentManager` contract events for comment-related activities and processes them into a queryable database. It supports the following features:

- Indexes comments from ECP smart contracts
- Processes comment metadata and content
- Maintains relationships between comments (replies, threads)
- Provides REST API endpoints for querying indexed comments

### Free Hosted Indexer

We are running a free hosted version of this indexer at https://api.ethcomments.xyz. If you are an enterprise user of the API please consider self hosting - we may throttle this API.

### Links

- [API endpoints](https://api.ethcomments.xyz/)
- [Restful API reference and playground](https://docs.ethcomments.xyz/indexer-reference/restful)
- [OpenAPI spec](https://docs.ethcomments.xyz/indexer-openapi.yaml)
- [GraphQL references and playground](https://api.ethcomments.xyz/graphql)
- [Source code](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/tree/main/apps/indexer)

## Self hosting the Indexer

Clone the repo from the [Source code](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/tree/main/apps/indexer)

### Prerequisites

- Node.js + pnpm
- Access to an Ethereum node (e.g., Infura)
- PostgreSQL database - SQLite will be used if not provided

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up environment variables in `.env.local` for local development:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

4. Configure your database and Ethereum node connection in `.env.local`

### Start development server

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

### Start production server

```bash
pnpm run start
```

### Deployment on Railway

To deploy indexer to Railway, follow the below steps:

1. Create a new Railway project and connect it to your GitHub repository.
2. Create a new PostgreSQL database and connect it to the project via `DATABASE_URL` environment variable reference or connect it to your own PostgreSQL database.
3. Configure the following environment variables:
   - `DATABASE_URL`: PostgreSQL connection string
   - `PONDER_RPC_URL_[chain id]`: Ethereum node RPC URL for the chain you want to index, you can add multiple RPC URLs for different chains.
   - `PONDER_START_BLOCK_[chain id]`: Block number for indexer to start from (default to 0).

Nixpacks on Railway by default uses `npm` to install dependencies. The ECP repo uses `pnpm` instead. If you want dependency consistency, to make Railway respect the `pnpm` lock files when installing dependencies, follow these steps (larger deployment size and longer deployment time):

1. Configure the below environment variables to use `pnpm`:
   - `NIXPACKS_INSTALL_CMD`: set value to `pnpm install --frozen-lockfile` to use pnpm to install dependencies.
   - `NIXPACKS_BUILD_CMD`: set value to `pnpm run build` to tell nixpacks to use pnpm to build.
   - `NIXPACKS_START_CMD`: set value to `cd apps/indexer/ && pnpm run start --schema $RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT_ID` to start indexer.

If you don't mind dependency consistencies but prefer faster and smaller deployment, you can do the following:

1. Select the Railway project and then click "Add Root Directory", set the root directory to `apps/indexer`.
2. Under deploy section, configure "Custom start command" to `npm run start --schema $RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT_ID`
