apps/embed/README.md, before:

# Comments Embed

Comments Embed is a service that provides embeddable comments functionality for any web page.

## Usage

The service provides a single endpoint:

```
https://localhost:3002?targetUri={url}
```

where `targetUri` is a URL-encoded address of the page for which you want to display comments.

Example:

```
https://localhost:3002?targetUri=https%3A%2F%2Fexample.com%2Fpost%2F1
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

## Development

To run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

This will start the server at [http://localhost:3002](http://localhost:3002).

### Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and configure the following required environment variables:

| Variable                    | Description                                                        |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `APP_SIGNER_PRIVATE_KEY`    | App identity signer private key (generate using `cast wallet new`) |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_WC_PROJECT_ID` | WalletConnect project ID (obtain from https://cloud.reown.com)     |
| `COMMENTS_INDEXER_URL`      | The URL of the comments indexer (default: http://localhost:42069)  |

### Build

To create a production build:

```bash
pnpm build
```

To start the production server:

```bash
pnpm start
```

Commit message:

chore: adding build:dev scripts so it is a little easier to do dev turbo build (#488)

apps/embed/README.md, after:

# Comments Embed

Comments Embed is a service that provides embeddable comments functionality for any web page.

## Usage

The service provides a single endpoint:

```
https://localhost:3002?targetUri={url}
```

where `targetUri` is a URL-encoded address of the page for which you want to display comments.

Example:

```
https://localhost:3002?targetUri=https%3A%2F%2Fexample.com%2Fpost%2F1
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

## Development

To run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

This will start the server at [http://localhost:3002](http://localhost:3002).

### Build dependent libs in dev mode

Run below command before starting the server to build libs in dev mode. Libs in dev mode is configured with dev contract address for working with Anvil node locally.

```bash
pnpm dlx turbo build:dev
```

### Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and configure the following required environment variables:

| Variable                    | Description                                                        |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `APP_SIGNER_PRIVATE_KEY`    | App identity signer private key (generate using `cast wallet new`) |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_WC_PROJECT_ID` | WalletConnect project ID (obtain from https://cloud.reown.com)     |
| `COMMENTS_INDEXER_URL`      | The URL of the comments indexer (default: http://localhost:42069)  |

### Build

To create a production build:

```bash
pnpm build
```

To start the production server:

```bash
pnpm start
```
