docs/pages/sdk-reference/comments/index.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / comments

# comments

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Comments
Core functionality for managing comments and approvals

## Enumerations

| Enumeration | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [AuthorAuthMethod](/sdk-reference/comments/enumerations/AuthorAuthMethod.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataOperation](/sdk-reference/comments/enumerations/MetadataOperation.mdx) | - |

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [AddApprovalParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalParams.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalResult.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [AddCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [BaseEditCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/BaseEditCommentDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentData.mdx) | The data structure of a comment returned by the contract |
| [CommentInputData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentInputData.mdx) | Comment input data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [CommentManagerABIType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentManagerABIType.mdx) | - |
| [CommentTypeSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentTypeSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [ContractReadFunctions](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/ContractReadFunctions.mdx) | - |
| [ContractWriteFunctions](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/ContractWriteFunctions.mdx) | - |
| [CreateApprovalTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateApprovalTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateApprovalTypedDataResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateApprovalTypedDataResult.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentData.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentDataParamsShared](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParamsShared.mdx) | The shared parameters for creating a comment |
| [CreateCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateDeleteCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateDeleteCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateEditCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateEditCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataResult.mdx) | - |
| [CreateReplyCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateReplyCommentDataParams.mdx) | The parameters for creating a reply comment |
| [CreateReportCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateReportCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateRootCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateRootCommentDataParams.mdx) | The parameters for creating a root comment |
| [DeleteCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentData.mdx) | Edit comment data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [EditCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentDataParamsWithMetadataEntries](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentDataParamsWithMetadataEntries.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetAddApprovalHashData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetAddApprovalHashData.mdx) | - |
| [GetAddApprovalHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetAddApprovalHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetAddApprovalHashResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetAddApprovalHashResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelManagerParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetChannelManagerParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetCommentIdParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetCommentIdParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetContractNameParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetContractNameParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetContractVersionParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetContractVersionParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetDeleteCommentHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetDeleteCommentHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetDomainSeparatorParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetDomainSeparatorParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetEditCommentHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetEditCommentHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetNonceParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetNonceParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetRemoveApprovalHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetRemoveApprovalHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetRemoveApprovalHashResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetRemoveApprovalHashResult.mdx) | - |
| [IsApprovedParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/IsApprovedParams.mdx) | - |
| [Json](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/Json.mdx) | - |
| [JsonArray](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/JsonArray.mdx) | - |
| [JsonLiteral](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/JsonLiteral.mdx) | - |
| [JsonObject](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/JsonObject.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataEntry](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataEntry.mdx) | Metadata entry structure that matches the smart contract |
| [MetadataEntryOp](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataEntryOp.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataRecord](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataRecord.mdx) | JS/SDK/Indexer format for metadata storage |
| [MetadataType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataType.mdx) | Type representing the supported on-chain serializable types |
| [PostCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [PostCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [PostCommentWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [PostCommentWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [ReportCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/ReportCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalParams.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalResult.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelContractParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/UpdateChannelContractParams.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelContractResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/UpdateChannelContractResult.mdx) | - |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ADD\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ADD_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [ADD\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ADD_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/AddApprovalTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [AddCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/AddCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [CommentDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CommentDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [CommentInputDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CommentInputDataSchema.mdx) | Comment input data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [CommentTypeSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CommentTypeSchema.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CreateCommentDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [DELETE\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DELETE_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [deleteComment](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/deleteComment.mdx) | Delete a comment as an author |
| [DeleteCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DeleteCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [deleteCommentWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/deleteCommentWithSig.mdx) | Delete a comment with app signature verification |
| [DOMAIN\_NAME](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DOMAIN_NAME.mdx) | - |
| [DOMAIN\_VERSION](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DOMAIN_VERSION.mdx) | - |
| [EDIT\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/EDIT_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [editComment](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/editComment.mdx) | Edit a comment as an author |
| [EditCommentDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/EditCommentDataSchema.mdx) | Edit comment data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [EditCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/EditCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [editCommentWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/editCommentWithSig.mdx) | Edit a comment |
| [JsonLiteralSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/JsonLiteralSchema.mdx) | - |
| [JsonObjectSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/JsonObjectSchema.mdx) | - |
| [JsonSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/JsonSchema.mdx) | - |
| [METADATA\_ENTRY\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/METADATA_ENTRY_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataArrayOpSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataArrayOpSchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataArraySchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataArraySchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataEntryOpSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataEntryOpSchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataEntrySchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataEntrySchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataTypeValues](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataTypeValues.mdx) | Constants object for MetadataType values - provides runtime access to all metadata types |
| [postComment](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/postComment.mdx) | Posts a comment as an author |
| [postCommentWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/postCommentWithSig.mdx) | Posts a comment with author signature verification |
| [REMOVE\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/REMOVE_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [ReplyCommentInputDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ReplyCommentInputDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [REPORT\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/REPORT_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [ReportCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ReportCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [RootCommentInputDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/RootCommentInputDataSchema.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [addApproval](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/addApproval.mdx) | Approves an app signer directly as author |
| [addApprovalWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/addApprovalWithSig.mdx) | Adds an app signer approval with signature verification |
| [convertContractToRecordFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertContractToRecordFormat.mdx) | Converts from contract MetadataEntry array format to JS/SDK Record format Note: This requires knowledge of the original key string and type, which are lost in the contract format. This function attempts to reverse-engineer them from common patterns used in the codebase. |
| [convertRecordToContractFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertRecordToContractFormat.mdx) | Converts from JS/SDK Record format to contract MetadataEntry array format |
| [createApprovalTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createApprovalTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for approving comment |
| [createCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createCommentData.mdx) | Create the data structure of a comment |
| [createCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for adding comment |
| [createCustomMetadataEntry](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createCustomMetadataEntry.mdx) | Creates a metadata entry with a custom type |
| [createDeleteCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createDeleteCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for deleting comment |
| [createEditCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createEditCommentData.mdx) | Create the data structure of a comment for editing |
| [createEditCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createEditCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for editing comment |
| [createKeyTypeMap](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createKeyTypeMap.mdx) | Helper function to create a key-type mapping for known metadata keys This should be maintained by applications to properly convert from contract format |
| [createMetadataEntries](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createMetadataEntries.mdx) | Creates multiple metadata entries from an object with explicit types |
| [createMetadataEntry](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createMetadataEntry.mdx) | Creates a metadata entry from a key-value pair with explicit type specification |
| [createMetadataKey](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createMetadataKey.mdx) | Creates a metadata key by encoding a string in the format "type key" using abi.encodePacked |
| [createRemoveApprovalTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createRemoveApprovalTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for removing approval |
| [createReportCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createReportCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for reporting a comment |
| [decodeAddressValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeAddressValue.mdx) | Decodes an address value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeBoolValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeBoolValue.mdx) | Decodes a boolean value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeBytesValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeBytesValue.mdx) | Decodes a bytes value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeMetadataTypes](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeMetadataTypes.mdx) | Decodes metadata types from on-chain metadata entries by reverse-engineering the type information from the encoded key field. Works without requiring prior knowledge of the key-type mappings. |
| [decodeMetadataValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeMetadataValue.mdx) | Decodes a metadata entry value based on its type |
| [decodeNumberValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeNumberValue.mdx) | Decodes a number value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeStringValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeStringValue.mdx) | Decodes a string value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [encodeBoolValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeBoolValue.mdx) | Encodes a boolean value as bytes for metadata |
| [encodeJsonValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeJsonValue.mdx) | Encodes a JSON object as bytes for metadata |
| [encodeNumberValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeNumberValue.mdx) | Encodes a number value as bytes for metadata |
| [encodeStringValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeStringValue.mdx) | Encodes a string value as bytes for metadata |
| [getAddApprovalHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getAddApprovalHash.mdx) | Gets the EIP-712 hash for adding approval |
| [getChannelManager](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getChannelManager.mdx) | Gets the channel manager contract address |
| [getComment](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getComment.mdx) | Get a comment by ID |
| [getCommentId](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getCommentId.mdx) | Get the ID for a comment before it is posted |
| [getContractName](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getContractName.mdx) | Gets the contract name |
| [getContractVersion](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getContractVersion.mdx) | Gets the contract version |
| [getDeleteCommentHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getDeleteCommentHash.mdx) | Get the hash for deleting a comment |
| [getDomainSeparator](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getDomainSeparator.mdx) | Gets the EIP-712 domain separator |
| [getEditCommentHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getEditCommentHash.mdx) | Get the hash for editing a comment |
| [getNonce](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getNonce.mdx) | Get the nonce for the author and app signer |
| [getRemoveApprovalHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getRemoveApprovalHash.mdx) | Gets the EIP-712 hash for removing approval |
| [isApproved](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/isApproved.mdx) | Checks if an app signer is approved for an author |
| [parseMetadataFromContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/parseMetadataFromContract.mdx) | Convenience function to convert metadata from contracts for JS/SDK use |
| [prepareMetadataForContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/prepareMetadataForContract.mdx) | Convenience function to convert metadata for sending to contracts Handles both Record format and direct MetadataEntry array |
| [revokeApproval](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/revokeApproval.mdx) | Revokes an app signer approval directly as author |
| [revokeApprovalWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/revokeApprovalWithSig.mdx) | Removes an app signer approval with signature verification |
| [updateChannelContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/updateChannelContract.mdx) | Updates the channel manager contract address (only owner) |

Commit message:

chore(sdk): improve metadata docs

docs/pages/sdk-reference/comments/index.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / comments

# comments

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Comments
Core functionality for managing comments and approvals

## Enumerations

| Enumeration | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [AuthorAuthMethod](/sdk-reference/comments/enumerations/AuthorAuthMethod.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataOperation](/sdk-reference/comments/enumerations/MetadataOperation.mdx) | - |

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [AddApprovalParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalParams.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalResult.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddApprovalWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [AddCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/AddCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [BaseEditCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/BaseEditCommentDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentData.mdx) | The data structure of a comment returned by the contract |
| [CommentInputData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentInputData.mdx) | Comment input data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [CommentManagerABIType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentManagerABIType.mdx) | - |
| [CommentTypeSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CommentTypeSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [ContractReadFunctions](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/ContractReadFunctions.mdx) | - |
| [ContractWriteFunctions](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/ContractWriteFunctions.mdx) | - |
| [CreateApprovalTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateApprovalTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateApprovalTypedDataResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateApprovalTypedDataResult.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentData.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentDataParamsShared](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentDataParamsShared.mdx) | The shared parameters for creating a comment |
| [CreateCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateDeleteCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateDeleteCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateEditCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateEditCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateRemoveApprovalTypedDataResult.mdx) | - |
| [CreateReplyCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateReplyCommentDataParams.mdx) | The parameters for creating a reply comment |
| [CreateReportCommentTypedDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateReportCommentTypedDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [CreateRootCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/CreateRootCommentDataParams.mdx) | The parameters for creating a root comment |
| [DeleteCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [DeleteCommentWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/DeleteCommentWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentData.mdx) | Edit comment data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [EditCommentDataParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentDataParams.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentDataParamsWithMetadataEntries](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentDataParamsWithMetadataEntries.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [EditCommentWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/EditCommentWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetAddApprovalHashData](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetAddApprovalHashData.mdx) | - |
| [GetAddApprovalHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetAddApprovalHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetAddApprovalHashResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetAddApprovalHashResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetChannelManagerParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetChannelManagerParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetCommentIdParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetCommentIdParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [GetContractNameParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetContractNameParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetContractVersionParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetContractVersionParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetDeleteCommentHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetDeleteCommentHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetDomainSeparatorParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetDomainSeparatorParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetEditCommentHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetEditCommentHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetNonceParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetNonceParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetRemoveApprovalHashParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetRemoveApprovalHashParams.mdx) | - |
| [GetRemoveApprovalHashResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/GetRemoveApprovalHashResult.mdx) | - |
| [IsApprovedParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/IsApprovedParams.mdx) | - |
| [Json](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/Json.mdx) | - |
| [JsonArray](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/JsonArray.mdx) | - |
| [JsonLiteral](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/JsonLiteral.mdx) | - |
| [JsonObject](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/JsonObject.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataEntry](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataEntry.mdx) | Metadata entry structure that matches the smart contract |
| [MetadataEntryOp](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataEntryOp.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataKeyTypeMap](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataKeyTypeMap.mdx) | Mapping of known hex-encoded keys to their original key and type |
| [MetadataRecord](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataRecord.mdx) | JS/SDK/Indexer format for metadata storage |
| [MetadataType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataType.mdx) | Type representing the supported on-chain serializable types |
| [PostCommentParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentParams.mdx) | - |
| [PostCommentResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentResult.mdx) | - |
| [PostCommentWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [PostCommentWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/PostCommentWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [ReportCommentTypedDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/ReportCommentTypedDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalParams.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalResult.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalWithSigParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalWithSigParams.mdx) | - |
| [RevokeApprovalWithSigResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/RevokeApprovalWithSigResult.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelContractParams](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/UpdateChannelContractParams.mdx) | - |
| [UpdateChannelContractResult](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/UpdateChannelContractResult.mdx) | - |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ADD\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ADD_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [ADD\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ADD_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [AddApprovalTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/AddApprovalTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [AddCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/AddCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [CommentDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CommentDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [CommentInputDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CommentInputDataSchema.mdx) | Comment input data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [CommentTypeSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CommentTypeSchema.mdx) | - |
| [CreateCommentDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/CreateCommentDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [DELETE\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DELETE_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [deleteComment](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/deleteComment.mdx) | Delete a comment as an author |
| [DeleteCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DeleteCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [deleteCommentWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/deleteCommentWithSig.mdx) | Delete a comment with app signature verification |
| [DOMAIN\_NAME](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DOMAIN_NAME.mdx) | - |
| [DOMAIN\_VERSION](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/DOMAIN_VERSION.mdx) | - |
| [EDIT\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/EDIT_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [editComment](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/editComment.mdx) | Edit a comment as an author |
| [EditCommentDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/EditCommentDataSchema.mdx) | Edit comment data schema. This is used as input of the functions. |
| [EditCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/EditCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [editCommentWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/editCommentWithSig.mdx) | Edit a comment |
| [JsonLiteralSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/JsonLiteralSchema.mdx) | - |
| [JsonObjectSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/JsonObjectSchema.mdx) | - |
| [JsonSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/JsonSchema.mdx) | - |
| [METADATA\_ENTRY\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/METADATA_ENTRY_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataArrayOpSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataArrayOpSchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataArraySchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataArraySchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataEntryOpSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataEntryOpSchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataEntrySchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataEntrySchema.mdx) | - |
| [MetadataTypeValues](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/MetadataTypeValues.mdx) | Constants object for MetadataType values - provides runtime access to all metadata types |
| [postComment](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/postComment.mdx) | Posts a comment as an author |
| [postCommentWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/postCommentWithSig.mdx) | Posts a comment with author signature verification |
| [REMOVE\_APPROVAL\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/REMOVE_APPROVAL_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/RemoveApprovalTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [ReplyCommentInputDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ReplyCommentInputDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [REPORT\_COMMENT\_TYPE](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/REPORT_COMMENT_TYPE.mdx) | - |
| [ReportCommentTypedDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/ReportCommentTypedDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [RootCommentInputDataSchema](/sdk-reference/comments/variables/RootCommentInputDataSchema.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [addApproval](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/addApproval.mdx) | Approves an app signer directly as author |
| [addApprovalWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/addApprovalWithSig.mdx) | Adds an app signer approval with signature verification |
| [convertContractToRecordFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertContractToRecordFormat.mdx) | Converts from contract MetadataEntry array format to JS/SDK Record format Note: This requires knowledge of the original key string and type, which are lost in the contract format. This function attempts to reverse-engineer them from common patterns used in the codebase. |
| [convertRecordToContractFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertRecordToContractFormat.mdx) | Converts from JS/SDK Record format to contract MetadataEntry array format |
| [createApprovalTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createApprovalTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for approving comment |
| [createCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createCommentData.mdx) | Create the data structure of a comment |
| [createCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for adding comment |
| [createCustomMetadataEntry](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createCustomMetadataEntry.mdx) | Creates a metadata entry with a custom type |
| [createDeleteCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createDeleteCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for deleting comment |
| [createEditCommentData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createEditCommentData.mdx) | Create the data structure of a comment for editing |
| [createEditCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createEditCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for editing comment |
| [createKeyTypeMap](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createKeyTypeMap.mdx) | Helper function to create a key-type mapping for known metadata keys This should be maintained by applications to properly convert from contract format |
| [createMetadataEntries](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createMetadataEntries.mdx) | Creates multiple metadata entries from an object with explicit types |
| [createMetadataEntry](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createMetadataEntry.mdx) | Creates a metadata entry from a key-value pair with explicit type specification |
| [createMetadataKey](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createMetadataKey.mdx) | Creates a metadata key by encoding a string in the format "type key" using abi.encodePacked |
| [createRemoveApprovalTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createRemoveApprovalTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for removing approval |
| [createReportCommentTypedData](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createReportCommentTypedData.mdx) | Create the EIP-712 typed data structure for reporting a comment |
| [decodeAddressValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeAddressValue.mdx) | Decodes an address value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeBoolValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeBoolValue.mdx) | Decodes a boolean value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeBytesValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeBytesValue.mdx) | Decodes a bytes value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeMetadataTypes](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeMetadataTypes.mdx) | Decodes metadata types from on-chain metadata entries by reverse-engineering the type information from the encoded key field. Works without requiring prior knowledge of the key-type mappings. |
| [decodeMetadataValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeMetadataValue.mdx) | Decodes a metadata entry value based on its type |
| [decodeNumberValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeNumberValue.mdx) | Decodes a number value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [decodeStringValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/decodeStringValue.mdx) | Decodes a string value from encoded metadata bytes |
| [encodeBoolValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeBoolValue.mdx) | Encodes a boolean value as bytes for metadata |
| [encodeJsonValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeJsonValue.mdx) | Encodes a JSON object as bytes for metadata |
| [encodeNumberValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeNumberValue.mdx) | Encodes a number value as bytes for metadata |
| [encodeStringValue](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/encodeStringValue.mdx) | Encodes a string value as bytes for metadata |
| [getAddApprovalHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getAddApprovalHash.mdx) | Gets the EIP-712 hash for adding approval |
| [getChannelManager](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getChannelManager.mdx) | Gets the channel manager contract address |
| [getComment](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getComment.mdx) | Get a comment by ID |
| [getCommentId](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getCommentId.mdx) | Get the ID for a comment before it is posted |
| [getContractName](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getContractName.mdx) | Gets the contract name |
| [getContractVersion](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getContractVersion.mdx) | Gets the contract version |
| [getDeleteCommentHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getDeleteCommentHash.mdx) | Get the hash for deleting a comment |
| [getDomainSeparator](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getDomainSeparator.mdx) | Gets the EIP-712 domain separator |
| [getEditCommentHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getEditCommentHash.mdx) | Get the hash for editing a comment |
| [getNonce](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getNonce.mdx) | Get the nonce for the author and app signer |
| [getRemoveApprovalHash](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/getRemoveApprovalHash.mdx) | Gets the EIP-712 hash for removing approval |
| [isApproved](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/isApproved.mdx) | Checks if an app signer is approved for an author |
| [parseMetadataFromContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/parseMetadataFromContract.mdx) | Convenience function to convert metadata from contracts for JS/SDK use |
| [prepareMetadataForContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/prepareMetadataForContract.mdx) | Convenience function to convert metadata for sending to contracts Handles both Record format and direct MetadataEntry array |
| [revokeApproval](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/revokeApproval.mdx) | Revokes an app signer approval directly as author |
| [revokeApprovalWithSig](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/revokeApprovalWithSig.mdx) | Removes an app signer approval with signature verification |
| [updateChannelContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/updateChannelContract.mdx) | Updates the channel manager contract address (only owner) |
