docs/pages/integration-options/embed-comments.mdx, before:

import IframeConfigurator from "../../components/IframeConfigurator";
import { ScrollToCommentButton } from "../../components/ScrollToCommentButton";

# Integration Options

## Iframe Embedding

The iframe embedding option allows you to integrate comments into any website without requiring React or any other JavaScript framework. This is ideal for static websites or platforms where you can't modify the JavaScript code.

## Demo

<ScrollToCommentButton />

### Generate an iframe code for your website

<IframeConfigurator />

### URI Guidelines

When entering your page URI in the configurator, follow these guidelines:

- Must be a valid URL following [RFC 3986](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986)
- Include query parameters that affect page content
- Arrange query parameters alphabetically
- Ensure the URI uniquely identifies the content being commented on

### Dynamic Height Support

If you want the iframe to automatically adjust its height based on content, add this JavaScript code:

```html
<script>
  window.addEventListener("message", function (event) {
    if (
      event.origin !== "https://embed.ethcomments.xyz" ||
      event.data.type !== "@ecp.eth/sdk/embed/resize"
    ) {
      return;
    }

    document.getElementById("comments-iframe").style.height =
      event.data.height + "px";
  });
</script>
```

### Security Best Practices

- Always use HTTPS for the iframe source
- Consider adding `sandbox` attribute if you need to restrict iframe capabilities
- Verify the origin of resize messages as shown in the dynamic height example

### Next Steps

- Check out how to [retrieve comments and replies](/indexer/read-comments/)
- Learn about [React Integration](/integration-options/react-integration) for React applications

Commit message:

Embed by root comment id (#441)
* embed by comment id

* rebuild docs

docs/pages/integration-options/embed-comments.mdx, after:

import IframeConfigurator from "../../components/IframeConfigurator";
import { ScrollToCommentButton } from "../../components/ScrollToCommentButton";

# Integration Options

## Iframe Embedding

The iframe embedding option allows you to integrate comments into any website without requiring React or any other JavaScript framework. This is ideal for static websites or platforms where you can't modify the JavaScript code.

## Demo

<ScrollToCommentButton />

### Generate an iframe code for your website

<IframeConfigurator />

### URI Guidelines

When entering your page URI in the configurator, follow these guidelines:

- Must be a valid URL following [RFC 3986](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986)
- Include query parameters that affect page content
- Arrange query parameters alphabetically
- Ensure the URI uniquely identifies the content being commented on

### Dynamic Height Support

If you want the iframe to automatically adjust its height based on content, add this JavaScript code:

```html
<script>
  window.addEventListener("message", function (event) {
    if (
      event.origin !== "https://embed.ethcomments.xyz" ||
      event.data.type !== "@ecp.eth/sdk/embed/resize"
    ) {
      return;
    }

    document.getElementById("comments-iframe").style.height =
      event.data.height + "px";
  });
</script>
```

### Security Best Practices

- Always use HTTPS for the iframe source
- Consider adding `sandbox` attribute if you need to restrict iframe capabilities
- Verify the origin of resize messages as shown in the dynamic height example

### Notion Integration

You can embed the comments iframe in a Notion page by using a Notion embed block:

1. In your Notion page, click the `+` button to add a new block
2. Search for "Embed" and select the embed block
3. Paste the iframe URL (the `src` attribute from the generated iframe code)
4. Click "Embed link" to add the comments to your page

The comments will appear directly in your Notion page and update in real-time.

### Next Steps

- Check out how to [retrieve comments and replies](/indexer/read-comments/)
- Learn about [React Integration](/integration-options/react-integration) for React applications
