docs/pages/integration-options/react-component-library.mdx, before:

# Integration Options

## React Component Library

The React component library provides pre-built, customizable UI components for seamless integration into your React applications.
This is the recommended approach for most web applications.

```tsx
import { CommentsEmbed } from '@ecp.eth/sdk/react'

const baseOrigin = 'https://blog.example.com'

export function Comments() {
  return (
    <div>
      <h3>Comments</h3>
      <CommentsEmbed
        // the uri for commenting
        uri={new URL(
          window.location.pathname,
          baseOrigin
        ).toString()}
        // the config object allows you to customize the CommentsEmbed's appearance
        config={{
          theme: {
            // mode controls which theme to use, it can be 'light' or 'dark'
            mode: 'light',
            colors: {
              dark: {
                background: 'black',
                foreground: '#e9e9ea',
              },
              light: {
                background: 'white',
                foreground: '#4c4c4c',
              },
            },
          },
        }}
      />
    </div>`
  )
}
```

Be careful when choosing the value for the `uri` property. The `uri` serves as a unique identifier to locate comments:

1. If your web page is dynamic and accepts query parameters, you should carefully consider which parameters are necessary to locate the correct comments
   and include them in the `uri` property. As a general rule: 1. include query parameters that affect the page content. 2. arrange them in alphabetical order.
2. If you are rendering the `CommentsEmbed` with server-side rendering (SSR), you do not have access to the `window` object.

The `uri` must be a unique string that follows the [RFC 3986](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986) standard.

#### API reference

- [`CommentsEmbed`](/sdk-reference/react/functions/CommentsEmbed)
- [`CommentsEmbedProps`](/sdk-reference/react/type-aliases/CommentsEmbedProps)
- [`EmbedConfigSchemaType`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaType) - detailed customization options

#### Next Steps

- Check out how to retrieve comments and replies using [indexer API](/integration-options/indexer-api)

Commit message:

docs: add guide for comment in tx calldata (#98)
* docs: add guide for comment in tx calldata

* fix: remove the docs so we can compare it in diff

* docs: re-upload post comment as author doc

* docs: use demo app as example

* docs: update post comment in any tx to use demo code

docs/pages/integration-options/react-component-library.mdx, after:

# Integration Options

## React Component Library

The React component library provides pre-built, customizable UI components for seamless integration into your React applications.
This is the recommended approach for most web applications.

```tsx
import { CommentsEmbed } from '@ecp.eth/sdk/react'

const baseOrigin = 'https://blog.example.com'

export function Comments() {
  return (
    <div>
      <h3>Comments</h3>
      <CommentsEmbed
        // the uri for commenting
        uri={new URL(
          window.location.pathname,
          baseOrigin
        ).toString()}
        // the config object allows you to customize the CommentsEmbed's appearance
        config={{
          theme: {
            // mode controls which theme to use, it can be 'light' or 'dark'
            mode: 'light',
            colors: {
              dark: {
                background: 'black',
                foreground: '#e9e9ea',
              },
              light: {
                background: 'white',
                foreground: '#4c4c4c',
              },
            },
          },
        }}
      />
    </div>`
  )
}
```

- Please note that if you are rendering the `CommentsEmbed` with server-side rendering (SSR), you do not have access to the `window` object.
  Instead, you may want to construct the `uri` out of the `HttpRequest` object of your server-side framework.
- Please also read the `targetUri` carefully in [Comment Data](/comment-data-props) for choosing an appropriate `uri`.

#### API reference

- [`CommentsEmbed`](/sdk-reference/react/functions/CommentsEmbed)
- [`CommentsEmbedProps`](/sdk-reference/react/type-aliases/CommentsEmbedProps)
- [`EmbedConfigSchemaType`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaType) - detailed customization options

#### Next Steps

- Check out how to retrieve comments and replies using [indexer API](/integration-options/indexer-api)
