docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentsOptions.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / FetchCommentsOptions

# Type Alias: FetchCommentsOptions

```ts
type FetchCommentsOptions = object;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:18](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L18)

The options for `fetchComments()`

## Properties

### apiUrl?

```ts
optional apiUrl: string;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:36](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L36)

URL on which /api/comments endpoint will be called

#### Default

```ts
"https://api.ethcomments.xyz"
```

***

### appSigner?

```ts
optional appSigner: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:40](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L40)

Filter comments sent using this app signer key.

***

### author?

```ts
optional author: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:26](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L26)

Filter comments by author

***

### cursor?

```ts
optional cursor: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:50](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L50)

The cursor to fetch comments from

***

### limit?

```ts
optional limit: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:62](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L62)

The number of comments to fetch

#### Default

```ts
50
```

***

### retries?

```ts
optional retries: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:46](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L46)

Number of times to retry the signing operation in case of failure.

#### Default

```ts
3
```

***

### signal?

```ts
optional signal: AbortSignal;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:63](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L63)

***

### sort?

```ts
optional sort: "asc" | "desc";
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:56](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L56)

The sort order, either `asc` or `desc`

#### Default

```ts
"desc"
```

***

### targetUri?

```ts
optional targetUri: string;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:22](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L22)

The target URI to fetch comments for

***

### viewer?

```ts
optional viewer: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:30](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L30)

The viewer's address. This is useful when the content moderation is enabled on the indexer.

Commit message:

feat: index root comment id to allow for unnesting replies (#199)
* feat: index root comment id to allow for unnesting replies

* revert: condition

* fix: missing prop

* feat: add flat mode to comment replies

* chore: update docs

* docs(changeset): feat: add flat replies mode to comments list api

* chore: fix comments

* refactor: conditions

* refactor: rename table, better parent id missing handling

* chore: update turbo

* chore: add missing property

* chore: update nextjs

* chore: remove rootCommentId

* chore: update libs

* chore: use debug sentry if dsn is not provided

* feat: index comment path

* feat: support flat mode in comments and replies

* chore: reply to correct id

* fix: pass mode

* fix: condition

* chore: use flattened replies in embed

* chore: simplify fetching logic

docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentsOptions.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / FetchCommentsOptions

# Type Alias: FetchCommentsOptions

```ts
type FetchCommentsOptions = object;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:18](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L18)

The options for `fetchComments()`

## Properties

### apiUrl?

```ts
optional apiUrl: string;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:36](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L36)

URL on which /api/comments endpoint will be called

#### Default

```ts
"https://api.ethcomments.xyz"
```

***

### appSigner?

```ts
optional appSigner: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:40](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L40)

Filter comments sent using this app signer key.

***

### author?

```ts
optional author: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:26](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L26)

Filter comments by author

***

### cursor?

```ts
optional cursor: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:50](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L50)

The cursor to fetch comments from

***

### limit?

```ts
optional limit: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:69](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L69)

The number of comments to fetch

#### Default

```ts
50
```

***

### mode?

```ts
optional mode: "nested" | "flat";
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:63](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L63)

The mode to fetch comments in by default it returns only the first level of comments.
If flat is used it will return all comments sorted by timestamp in descending order.

#### Default

```ts
"nested"
```

***

### retries?

```ts
optional retries: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:46](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L46)

Number of times to retry the signing operation in case of failure.

#### Default

```ts
3
```

***

### signal?

```ts
optional signal: AbortSignal;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:70](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L70)

***

### sort?

```ts
optional sort: "asc" | "desc";
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:56](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L56)

The sort order, either `asc` or `desc`

#### Default

```ts
"desc"
```

***

### targetUri?

```ts
optional targetUri: string;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:22](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L22)

The target URI to fetch comments for

***

### viewer?

```ts
optional viewer: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:30](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L30)

The viewer's address. This is useful when the content moderation is enabled on the indexer.
