docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentRepliesOptions.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / FetchCommentRepliesOptions

# Type Alias: FetchCommentRepliesOptions

> **FetchCommentRepliesOptions**: `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:143](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L143)

The options for `fetchCommentReplies()`

## Type declaration

### apiUrl?

> `optional` **apiUrl**: `string`

URL on which /api/comments/$commentId/replies endpoint will be called

#### Default

```ts
"https://api.ethcomments.xyz"
```

### appSigner?

> `optional` **appSigner**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

Filters only to comments sent using this app signer key.

### commentId

> **commentId**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The ID of the comment to fetch replies for

### limit?

> `optional` **limit**: `number`

#### Default

```ts
50
```

### offset?

> `optional` **offset**: `number`

#### Default

```ts
0
```

### retries?

> `optional` **retries**: `number`

Number of times to retry the signing operation in case of failure.

#### Default

```ts
3
```

### signal?

> `optional` **signal**: `AbortSignal`

### sort?

> `optional` **sort**: `"asc"` \| `"desc"`

#### Default

```ts
"desc"
```

Commit message:

feat: paginated comments and replies in demo (#114)
* feat: paginate gas comments

* chore: extract components

* chore: refactor gasless to support pagination

* docs(changeset): feat: add a way to pass variables to useGaslessTransaction() hook

* fix: do not replying if level is reached

* cursor pagination and new comments feedback (#118)

* feat: cursor pagination

* docs(changeset): feat: cursor pagination

* feat: cursor based pagination in embed

* feat: automatically fetch new comments in author's feed

* feat: update comments / replies

* fix: pass sort to query params when fetching replies

* docs(changeset): fix: pass sort option when fetching comment replies

* chore: remove unused hooks

* chore: automatically update pending comments

* feat: comment refreshing in demo

* chore: refactor embed code to shared lib

* chore: refactor demo

* chore: refactor demo, extract delete mutation

* chore: update docs

* chore: remove console.log

* chore: move hooks to their own files

* chore: rename hook files

* chore: extract useFreshRef

* chore: use mutation

* refactor components in demo (#120)

* refactor: extract shared comment component

* chore: refactor queries

docs/pages/sdk-reference/defaultExports/type-aliases/FetchCommentRepliesOptions.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [defaultExports](/sdk-reference/defaultExports/index.mdx) / FetchCommentRepliesOptions

# Type Alias: FetchCommentRepliesOptions

> **FetchCommentRepliesOptions**: `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/api.ts:144](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/api.ts#L144)

The options for `fetchCommentReplies()`

## Type declaration

### apiUrl?

> `optional` **apiUrl**: `string`

URL on which /api/comments/$commentId/replies endpoint will be called

#### Default

```ts
"https://api.ethcomments.xyz"
```

### appSigner?

> `optional` **appSigner**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

Filters only to comments sent using this app signer key.

### commentId

> **commentId**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The ID of the comment to fetch replies for

### cursor?

> `optional` **cursor**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The cursor to fetch comments from

### limit?

> `optional` **limit**: `number`

#### Default

```ts
50
```

### retries?

> `optional` **retries**: `number`

Number of times to retry the signing operation in case of failure.

#### Default

```ts
3
```

### signal?

> `optional` **signal**: `AbortSignal`

### sort?

> `optional` **sort**: `"asc"` \| `"desc"`

#### Default

```ts
"desc"
```
