docs/pages/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentOptions.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [indexer](/sdk-reference/indexer/index.mdx) / FetchCommentOptions

# Type Alias: FetchCommentOptions

```ts
type FetchCommentOptions = {
  apiUrl?: string;
  chainId: number | number[];
  commentId: Hex;
  commentType?: number;
  isReplyDeleted?: boolean;
  mode?: IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType;
  retries?: number;
  signal?: AbortSignal;
  viewer?: Hex;
};
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:52](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L52)

## Properties

### apiUrl?

```ts
optional apiUrl: string;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:86](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L86)

URL on which /api/comments endpoint will be called

#### Default

```ts
"https://api.ethcomments.xyz"
```

***

### chainId

```ts
chainId: number | number[];
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:60](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L60)

Filter comments by chain ID(s)

***

### commentId

```ts
commentId: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:56](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L56)

The ID of the comment to fetch

***

### commentType?

```ts
optional commentType: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:80](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L80)

Filter comments by comment type

***

### isReplyDeleted?

```ts
optional isReplyDeleted: boolean;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:76](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L76)

Whether to return only deleted replies or only undeleted replies.
If omitted it will return both deleted and undeleted replies.

***

### mode?

```ts
optional mode: IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:71](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L71)

The mode to fetch comments in by default it returns only the first level of comments.
If flat is used it will return all comments sorted by timestamp in descending order.

#### Default

```ts
"nested"
```

***

### retries?

```ts
optional retries: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:96](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L96)

Number of times to retry the signing operation in case of failure.

#### Default

```ts
3
```

***

### signal?

```ts
optional signal: AbortSignal;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:90](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L90)

The signal to abort the request

***

### viewer?

```ts
optional viewer: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:64](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L64)

The viewer's address. This is useful when the content moderation is enabled on the indexer.

Commit message:

chore(sdk): update function definitions and error handling in SDK reference

docs/pages/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentOptions.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [indexer](/sdk-reference/indexer/index.mdx) / FetchCommentOptions

# Type Alias: FetchCommentOptions

```ts
type FetchCommentOptions = {
  apiUrl?: string;
  chainId: number | number[];
  commentId: Hex;
  commentType?: number;
  isReplyDeleted?: boolean;
  mode?: IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType;
  retries?: number;
  signal?: AbortSignal;
  viewer?: Hex;
};
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:52](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L52)

## Properties

### apiUrl?

```ts
optional apiUrl: string;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:87](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L87)

URL on which /api/comments endpoint will be called

#### Default

```ts
"https://api.ethcomments.xyz"
```

***

### chainId

```ts
chainId: number | number[];
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:60](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L60)

Filter comment and replies by chain ID(s). If the comment is not available on given chain(s) the function will throw a ResponseError.

***

### commentId

```ts
commentId: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:56](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L56)

The ID of the comment to fetch

***

### commentType?

```ts
optional commentType: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:81](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L81)

Filter replies by comment type

***

### isReplyDeleted?

```ts
optional isReplyDeleted: boolean;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:77](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L77)

Whether to return only deleted replies or only undeleted replies.
If omitted it will return both deleted and undeleted replies.

***

### mode?

```ts
optional mode: IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:72](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L72)

The mode to fetch replies, by default it returns only the first level of replies.
- "flat" mode returns all replies (no matter the nesting level) sorted by timestamp in descending order.
- "nested" mode returns only the first level of replies sorted by timestamp in descending order.

#### Default

```ts
"nested"
```

***

### retries?

```ts
optional retries: number;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:97](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L97)

Number of times to retry the signing operation in case of failure.

#### Default

```ts
3
```

***

### signal?

```ts
optional signal: AbortSignal;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:91](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L91)

The signal to abort the request

***

### viewer?

```ts
optional viewer: Hex;
```

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts:64](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/indexer/api.ts#L64)

The viewer's address. This is useful when the content moderation is enabled on the indexer.
