docs/pages/sdk-reference/indexer/index.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / indexer

# indexer

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Indexer
Functionality for indexing and querying comments data

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [FetchAuthorDataOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchAuthorDataOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchAuthorData()` |
| [FetchAutocompleteOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchAutocompleteOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchAutocomplete()` |
| [FetchChannelOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchChannelOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchChannel()` |
| [FetchChannelsOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchChannelsOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchChannels()` |
| [FetchCommentRepliesOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentRepliesOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchCommentReplies()` |
| [FetchCommentsOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentsOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchComments()` |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20SchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20SchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIChannelSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20SchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20SchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIExtraSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIExtraSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListChannelsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIMetadataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIPaginationSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIPaginationSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPISortSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPISortSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IsMutedOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IsMutedOptions.mdx) | The options for `isMuted()` |
| [ReportCommentOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/ReportCommentOptions.mdx) | The options for `reportComment()` |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20Schema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIChannelSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentListModeSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentListModeSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReactionOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReactionOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReactionSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReactionSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20Schema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferencePositionSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferencePositionSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIExtraSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIExtraSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListChannelsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIMetadataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIPaginationSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIPaginationSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportStatusSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportStatusSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPISortSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPISortSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossibleEmptyAddressSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossibleEmptyAddressSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossiblyEmptyTokenAmountSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossiblyEmptyTokenAmountSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIZeroExTokenAmountSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIZeroExTokenAmountSchema.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [convertIndexerMetadataToRecord](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/convertIndexerMetadataToRecord.mdx) | Converts IndexerAPI MetadataEntry array to Record format for easier manipulation |
| [convertRecordToIndexerMetadata](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/convertRecordToIndexerMetadata.mdx) | Converts Record format metadata to IndexerAPI MetadataEntry array format |
| [fetchAuthorData](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchAuthorData.mdx) | Fetch author data from the Indexer API |
| [fetchAutocomplete](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchAutocomplete.mdx) | Fetch autocomplete suggestions from the Indexer API |
| [fetchChannel](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchChannel.mdx) | Fetch a single channel by ID from the Indexer API |
| [fetchChannels](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchChannels.mdx) | Fetch channels from the Indexer API |
| [fetchCommentReplies](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchCommentReplies.mdx) | Fetch replies for a comment from the Indexer API |
| [fetchComments](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchComments.mdx) | Fetch comments from the Indexer API |
| [getChannelCursor](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/getChannelCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a channel |
| [getCommentCursor](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/getCommentCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a comment |
| [getReportsCursor](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/getReportsCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a report |
| [isMuted](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/isMuted.mdx) | Checks if an address is marked as a muted on the indexer of your choice. |
| [reportComment](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/reportComment.mdx) | Report a comment to the Indexer API |

## References

### convertContractToRecordFormat

Re-exports [convertContractToRecordFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertContractToRecordFormat.mdx)

***

### convertRecordToContractFormat

Re-exports [convertRecordToContractFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertRecordToContractFormat.mdx)

***

### createKeyTypeMap

Re-exports [createKeyTypeMap](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createKeyTypeMap.mdx)

***

### MetadataRecord

Re-exports [MetadataRecord](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataRecord.mdx)

***

### MetadataType

Re-exports [MetadataType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataType.mdx)

***

### parseMetadataFromContract

Re-exports [parseMetadataFromContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/parseMetadataFromContract.mdx)

***

### prepareMetadataForContract

Re-exports [prepareMetadataForContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/prepareMetadataForContract.mdx)

Commit message:

feat(sdk): add api for fetching one single comment from indexer (#490)
* feat(sdk): add api for fetching one single comment from indexer

* chore: sync docs

* docs(changeset): feat(sdk): add api to retrieve single comment from indexer

* test(sdk): add test for indexer api fetchComment()

docs/pages/sdk-reference/indexer/index.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / indexer

# indexer

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Indexer
Functionality for indexing and querying comments data

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [FetchAuthorDataOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchAuthorDataOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchAuthorData()` |
| [FetchAutocompleteOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchAutocompleteOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchAutocomplete()` |
| [FetchChannelOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchChannelOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchChannel()` |
| [FetchChannelsOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchChannelsOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchChannels()` |
| [FetchCommentOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentOptions.mdx) | - |
| [FetchCommentRepliesOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentRepliesOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchCommentReplies()` |
| [FetchCommentsOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/FetchCommentsOptions.mdx) | The options for `fetchComments()` |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20SchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20SchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIChannelSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentListModeSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20SchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20SchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIExtraSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIExtraSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListChannelsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIListCommentsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIMetadataSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIPaginationSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIPaginationSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPISortSchemaType](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IndexerAPISortSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [IsMutedOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/IsMutedOptions.mdx) | The options for `isMuted()` |
| [ReportCommentOptions](/sdk-reference/indexer/type-aliases/ReportCommentOptions.mdx) | The options for `reportComment()` |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAuthorDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAuthorEnsDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteENSSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteERC20Schema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteFarcasterSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIAutocompleteSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIChannelOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIChannelSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIChannelSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentListModeSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentListModeSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentModerationStatusSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReactionOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReactionOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReactionSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReactionSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceENSSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceERC20Schema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceFarcasterSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferencePositionSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferencePositionSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferencesSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLFileSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLImageSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLVideoSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentReferenceURLWebPageSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentWithRepliesSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICommentZeroExSwapSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPICursorPaginationSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIExtraSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIExtraSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIFarcasterDataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIGetAutocompleteOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListChannelsOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListChannelsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListChannelsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentRepliesSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentsOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIListCommentsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIListCommentsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIMetadataEntrySchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIMetadataSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIMetadataSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationChangeModerationStatusOnCommentSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationClassificationLabelSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIModerationGetPendingCommentsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIPaginationSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIPaginationSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingOutputSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportsListPendingSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIReportStatusSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIReportStatusSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPISortSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPISortSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossibleEmptyAddressSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossibleEmptyAddressSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossiblyEmptyTokenAmountSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIZeroExSwapPossiblyEmptyTokenAmountSchema.mdx) | - |
| [IndexerAPIZeroExTokenAmountSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/variables/IndexerAPIZeroExTokenAmountSchema.mdx) | - |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [convertIndexerMetadataToRecord](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/convertIndexerMetadataToRecord.mdx) | Converts IndexerAPI MetadataEntry array to Record format for easier manipulation |
| [convertRecordToIndexerMetadata](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/convertRecordToIndexerMetadata.mdx) | Converts Record format metadata to IndexerAPI MetadataEntry array format |
| [fetchAuthorData](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchAuthorData.mdx) | Fetch author data from the Indexer API |
| [fetchAutocomplete](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchAutocomplete.mdx) | Fetch autocomplete suggestions from the Indexer API |
| [fetchChannel](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchChannel.mdx) | Fetch a single channel by ID from the Indexer API |
| [fetchChannels](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchChannels.mdx) | Fetch channels from the Indexer API |
| [fetchComment](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchComment.mdx) | Fetch one single comment from the Indexer API |
| [fetchCommentReplies](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchCommentReplies.mdx) | Fetch replies for a comment from the Indexer API |
| [fetchComments](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/fetchComments.mdx) | Fetch comments from the Indexer API |
| [getChannelCursor](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/getChannelCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a channel |
| [getCommentCursor](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/getCommentCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a comment |
| [getReportsCursor](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/getReportsCursor.mdx) | Get the cursor for a report |
| [isMuted](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/isMuted.mdx) | Checks if an address is marked as a muted on the indexer of your choice. |
| [reportComment](/sdk-reference/indexer/functions/reportComment.mdx) | Report a comment to the Indexer API |

## References

### convertContractToRecordFormat

Re-exports [convertContractToRecordFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertContractToRecordFormat.mdx)

***

### convertRecordToContractFormat

Re-exports [convertRecordToContractFormat](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/convertRecordToContractFormat.mdx)

***

### createKeyTypeMap

Re-exports [createKeyTypeMap](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/createKeyTypeMap.mdx)

***

### MetadataRecord

Re-exports [MetadataRecord](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataRecord.mdx)

***

### MetadataType

Re-exports [MetadataType](/sdk-reference/comments/type-aliases/MetadataType.mdx)

***

### parseMetadataFromContract

Re-exports [parseMetadataFromContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/parseMetadataFromContract.mdx)

***

### prepareMetadataForContract

Re-exports [prepareMetadataForContract](/sdk-reference/comments/functions/prepareMetadataForContract.mdx)
