docs/pages/protocol-reference/libraries/Comments.md, before:

##### @ecp.eth/protocol

----

# `Comments`





## Structs

### `Comment`


- **author:** (address) The address of the comment author



- **createdAt:** (uint96) The timestamp when the comment was created



- **app:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **updatedAt:** (uint96) The timestamp when the comment was last updated



- **channelId:** (uint256) The channel ID associated with the comment



- **parentId:** (bytes32) The ID of the parent comment if this is a reply, otherwise bytes32(0)



- **content:** (string) The text content of the comment - may contain urls, images and mentions



- **metadata:** (string) Additional JSON data that shouldn't be displayed to the user



- **targetUri:** (string) the URI about which the comment is being made



- **commentType:** (string) The type of the comment (e.g. "comment", "like", etc.)



- **hookData:** (string) Additional data for the comment, added by a hook.


### `CreateComment`


- **author:** (address) The address of the comment author



- **app:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **channelId:** (uint256) The channel ID associated with the comment



- **deadline:** (uint256) Timestamp after which the signatures for this comment become invalid



- **parentId:** (bytes32) The ID of the parent comment if this is a reply, otherwise bytes32(0)



- **content:** (string) The actual text content of the comment



- **metadata:** (string) Additional JSON data that shouldn't be shown to the user as it is



- **targetUri:** (string) the URI about which the comment is being made



- **commentType:** (string) The type of the comment (e.g. "question", "answer", "feedback", etc.)


### `EditComment`


- **app:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **nonce:** (uint256) The nonce for the comment



- **deadline:** (uint256) Timestamp after which the signatures for this comment become invalid



- **content:** (string) The actual text content of the comment



- **metadata:** (string) Additional JSON data that shouldn't be shown to the user as it is

Commit message:

feat: protocol key values for metadata, new commenttype (#322)
* feat: protocol key values for metadata, new commenttype

* fix docs

* address PR comments

* change indexer schema

* fix test

* pack storage into bytes

* fix timestamps

* test metadata and write a coinhook

* fix

* fix docs consistency

* fix indexing, move metadata back into the comment event

* clean up

* potential fix

* fix test

* update abis

* build abis on build

* fix: test metdata

* fix

* fix: build

* rename

* build docs

* fix: update addresses

* attempt to fix

* fix: use proper commentType coercion and validation

* fix: use metadata directly

* chore: remove unnecessary comment

* fix: comment schema

* fix: validate commentType

* chore: remove unused code

* fix: types

* fix: validate comment type

* fix: remove any

* chore: remove unnecessary else

* chore: metadata is not optional

* chore: remove json stringify

* chore: change OnPostCommentParams

* chore: use array of metadata

* fix: correct edit metadata

* fix: metadata as array

* chore: remove unnecessary check

* chore: remove unnecessary coercion

* fix: doc warnings

---------

Co-authored-by: michalkvasnicak <michal.kvasnicak@gmail.com>

docs/pages/protocol-reference/libraries/Comments.md, after:

##### @ecp.eth/protocol

----

# `Comments`





## Structs

### `MetadataEntry`


- **key:** (bytes32) UTF-8 encoded string of format "type key". Must fit in 32 bytes.



- **value:** (bytes) The metadata value as bytes


### `Comment`


- **author:** (address) The address of the comment author



- **createdAt:** (uint96) The timestamp when the comment was created



- **app:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **updatedAt:** (uint88) The timestamp when the comment was last updated



- **commentType:** (uint8) The type of the comment (0=comment, 1=reaction)



- **channelId:** (uint256) The channel ID associated with the comment



- **parentId:** (bytes32) The ID of the parent comment if this is a reply, otherwise bytes32(0)



- **content:** (string) The text content of the comment - may contain urls, images and mentions



- **targetUri:** (string) the URI about which the comment is being made


### `CreateComment`


- **author:** (address) The address of the comment author



- **app:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **channelId:** (uint256) The channel ID associated with the comment



- **deadline:** (uint256) Timestamp after which the signatures for this comment become invalid



- **parentId:** (bytes32) The ID of the parent comment if this is a reply, otherwise bytes32(0)



- **commentType:** (uint8) The type of the comment (0=comment, 1=reaction)


- **content:** (string) The actual text content of the comment. If the commentType is COMMENT_TYPE_REACTION, the content should be the reaction type, such as "like", "downvote", "repost" etc.



- **metadata:** (struct Comments.MetadataEntry[]) Array of key-value pairs for additional data



- **targetUri:** (string) the URI about which the comment is being made



### `EditComment`


- **app:** (address) The address of the application signer that authorized this comment



- **nonce:** (uint256) The nonce for the comment



- **deadline:** (uint256) Timestamp after which the signatures for this comment become invalid



- **content:** (string) The actual text content of the comment



- **metadata:** (struct Comments.MetadataEntry[]) Array of key-value pairs for additional data
