docs/pages/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/index.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / indexer/webhooks

# indexer/webhooks

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Indexer
Functionality for constructing events from webhook requests.

## Classes

| Class | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [InvalidEventError](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/classes/InvalidEventError.mdx) | Thrown when the event is invalid. |
| [InvalidEventSignatureError](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/classes/InvalidEventSignatureError.mdx) | Thrown when the event signature is invalid. |
| [InvalidRequestBodyError](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/classes/InvalidRequestBodyError.mdx) | Thrown when the request body is not valid JSON object. |

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ApprovalAddedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ApprovalAddedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is added |
| [ApprovalRemovedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ApprovalRemovedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is removed |
| [ChannelCreatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelCreatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is created. |
| [ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel hook status is updated. |
| [ChannelMetadataSetEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelMetadataSetEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel metadata is set. |
| [ChannelTransferredEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelTransferredEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is transferred. |
| [ChannelUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is updated. |
| [CommentAddedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentAddedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is added. |
| [CommentDeletedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentDeletedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is deleted. |
| [CommentEditedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentEditedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is edited. |
| [CommentHookMetadataSetEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentHookMetadataSetEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment hook metadata is set. |
| [CommentModerationStatus](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentModerationStatus.mdx) | Comment moderation status schema. |
| [CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment moderation status is updated. |
| [CommentReactionsUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentReactionsUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment reactions are updated. |
| [CommentReferencesUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentReferencesUpdatedEvent.mdx) | - |
| [ConstructEventResult](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ConstructEventResult.mdx) | All events schema. |
| [TestEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/TestEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a test event is triggered. |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [AllEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/AllEvents.mdx) | All events. |
| [AllEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/AllEventsSchema.mdx) | All events schema. |
| [ApprovalAddedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalAddedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is added |
| [ApprovalAddedEventV1Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalAddedEventV1Schema.mdx) | - |
| [ApprovalAddedEventV2Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalAddedEventV2Schema.mdx) | - |
| [ApprovalEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalEvents.mdx) | Approval events. |
| [ApprovalEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalEventsSchema.mdx) | Approval events schema. |
| [ApprovalRemovedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalRemovedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is removed |
| [ChannelCreatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelCreatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is created. |
| [ChannelEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelEvents.mdx) | Channel events. |
| [ChannelEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelEventsSchema.mdx) | Channel events schema. |
| [ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel hook status is updated. |
| [ChannelMetadataSetEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelMetadataSetEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel metadata is set. |
| [ChannelTransferredEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelTransferredEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is transferred. |
| [ChannelUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is updated. |
| [CommentAddedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentAddedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is added. |
| [CommentDeletedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentDeletedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is deleted. |
| [CommentEditedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentEditedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is edited. |
| [CommentEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentEvents.mdx) | Comment events. |
| [CommentEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentEventsSchema.mdx) | Comment events schema. |
| [CommentHookMetadataSetEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentHookMetadataSetEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment hook metadata is set. |
| [CommentModerationStatusSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentModerationStatusSchema.mdx) | Comment moderation status schema. |
| [CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment moderation status is updated. |
| [CommentReactionsUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentReactionsUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment reactions are updated. |
| [CommentReferencesUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentReferencesUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_APPROVAL\_ADDED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_APPROVAL_ADDED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_APPROVAL\_REMOVED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_APPROVAL_REMOVED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_CREATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_CREATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_HOOK\_STATUS\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_HOOK_STATUS_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_METADATA\_SET](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_METADATA_SET.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_TRANSFERRED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_TRANSFERRED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_ADDED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_ADDED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_DELETED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_DELETED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_EDITED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_EDITED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_HOOK\_METADATA\_SET](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_HOOK_METADATA_SET.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_MODERATION\_STATUS\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_MODERATION_STATUS_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_REACTIONS\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_REACTIONS_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_REFERENCES\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_REFERENCES_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_TEST](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_TEST.mdx) | - |
| [EventBaseSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EventBaseSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EventFromChainSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EventFromChainSchema.mdx) | Common schema for all events coming from a chain. |
| [EventV1Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EventV1Schema.mdx) | Common schema for all v1 events. |
| [ISO8601DateSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ISO8601DateSchema.mdx) | ISO 8601 date schema. Used to convert the ISO 8601 date from JSON to date. |
| [MetadataSetOperationSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/MetadataSetOperationSchema.mdx) | Common schema for all metadata set operations. |
| [StringBigintSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/StringBigintSchema.mdx) | Stringified bigint schema. Used to convert the stringified bigint from JSON to bigint. |
| [TestEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/TestEvents.mdx) | Test events. |
| [TestEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/TestEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a test event is triggered. |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [constructEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/functions/constructEvent.mdx) | Constructs an event from the request body, signature, and timestamp. |
| [constructEventFromRequest](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/functions/constructEventFromRequest.mdx) | Constructs an event from a request. |

Commit message:

chore(docs): add approval expired event and related schemas to webhook documentation

docs/pages/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/index.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / indexer/webhooks

# indexer/webhooks

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Indexer
Functionality for constructing events from webhook requests.

## Classes

| Class | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [InvalidEventError](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/classes/InvalidEventError.mdx) | Thrown when the event is invalid. |
| [InvalidEventSignatureError](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/classes/InvalidEventSignatureError.mdx) | Thrown when the event signature is invalid. |
| [InvalidRequestBodyError](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/classes/InvalidRequestBodyError.mdx) | Thrown when the request body is not valid JSON object. |

## Type Aliases

| Type Alias | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [ApprovalAddedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ApprovalAddedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is added |
| [ApprovalExpiredEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ApprovalExpiredEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval expires |
| [ApprovalRemovedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ApprovalRemovedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is removed |
| [ChannelCreatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelCreatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is created. |
| [ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel hook status is updated. |
| [ChannelMetadataSetEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelMetadataSetEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel metadata is set. |
| [ChannelTransferredEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelTransferredEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is transferred. |
| [ChannelUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ChannelUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is updated. |
| [CommentAddedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentAddedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is added. |
| [CommentDeletedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentDeletedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is deleted. |
| [CommentEditedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentEditedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is edited. |
| [CommentHookMetadataSetEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentHookMetadataSetEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment hook metadata is set. |
| [CommentModerationStatus](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentModerationStatus.mdx) | Comment moderation status schema. |
| [CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment moderation status is updated. |
| [CommentReactionsUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentReactionsUpdatedEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment reactions are updated. |
| [CommentReferencesUpdatedEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/CommentReferencesUpdatedEvent.mdx) | - |
| [ConstructEventResult](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/ConstructEventResult.mdx) | All events schema. |
| [TestEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/type-aliases/TestEvent.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a test event is triggered. |

## Variables

| Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [AllEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/AllEvents.mdx) | All events. |
| [AllEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/AllEventsSchema.mdx) | All events schema. |
| [ApprovalAddedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalAddedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is added |
| [ApprovalAddedEventV1Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalAddedEventV1Schema.mdx) | - |
| [ApprovalAddedEventV2Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalAddedEventV2Schema.mdx) | - |
| [ApprovalEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalEvents.mdx) | Approval events. |
| [ApprovalEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalEventsSchema.mdx) | Approval events schema. |
| [ApprovalExpiredEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalExpiredEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval expires |
| [ApprovalRemovedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ApprovalRemovedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when an approval is removed |
| [ChannelCreatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelCreatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is created. |
| [ChannelEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelEvents.mdx) | Channel events. |
| [ChannelEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelEventsSchema.mdx) | Channel events schema. |
| [ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelHookStatusUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel hook status is updated. |
| [ChannelMetadataSetEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelMetadataSetEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel metadata is set. |
| [ChannelTransferredEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelTransferredEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is transferred. |
| [ChannelUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ChannelUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a channel is updated. |
| [CommentAddedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentAddedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is added. |
| [CommentDeletedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentDeletedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is deleted. |
| [CommentEditedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentEditedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment is edited. |
| [CommentEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentEvents.mdx) | Comment events. |
| [CommentEventsSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentEventsSchema.mdx) | Comment events schema. |
| [CommentHookMetadataSetEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentHookMetadataSetEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment hook metadata is set. |
| [CommentModerationStatusSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentModerationStatusSchema.mdx) | Comment moderation status schema. |
| [CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentModerationStatusUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment moderation status is updated. |
| [CommentReactionsUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentReactionsUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a comment reactions are updated. |
| [CommentReferencesUpdatedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/CommentReferencesUpdatedEventSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_APPROVAL\_ADDED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_APPROVAL_ADDED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_APPROVAL\_EXPIRED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_APPROVAL_EXPIRED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_APPROVAL\_REMOVED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_APPROVAL_REMOVED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_CREATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_CREATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_HOOK\_STATUS\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_HOOK_STATUS_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_METADATA\_SET](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_METADATA_SET.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_TRANSFERRED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_TRANSFERRED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_CHANNEL\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_CHANNEL_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_ADDED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_ADDED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_DELETED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_DELETED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_EDITED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_EDITED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_HOOK\_METADATA\_SET](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_HOOK_METADATA_SET.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_MODERATION\_STATUS\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_MODERATION_STATUS_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_REACTIONS\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_REACTIONS_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_COMMENT\_REFERENCES\_UPDATED](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_COMMENT_REFERENCES_UPDATED.mdx) | - |
| [EVENT\_TEST](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EVENT_TEST.mdx) | - |
| [EventBaseSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EventBaseSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EventFromChainSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EventFromChainSchema.mdx) | Common schema for all events coming from a chain. |
| [EventV1Schema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/EventV1Schema.mdx) | Common schema for all v1 events. |
| [ISO8601DateSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/ISO8601DateSchema.mdx) | ISO 8601 date schema. Used to convert the ISO 8601 date from JSON to date. |
| [MetadataSetOperationSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/MetadataSetOperationSchema.mdx) | Common schema for all metadata set operations. |
| [StringBigintSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/StringBigintSchema.mdx) | Stringified bigint schema. Used to convert the stringified bigint from JSON to bigint. |
| [TestEvents](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/TestEvents.mdx) | Test events. |
| [TestEventSchema](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/variables/TestEventSchema.mdx) | An event sent to webhook when a test event is triggered. |

## Functions

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [constructEvent](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/functions/constructEvent.mdx) | Constructs an event from the request body, signature, and timestamp. |
| [constructEventFromRequest](/sdk-reference/indexer/webhooks/functions/constructEventFromRequest.mdx) | Constructs an event from a request. |
