docs/pages/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/CommentData.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [types](/sdk-reference/types/index.mdx) / CommentData

# Type Alias: CommentData

> **CommentData**: `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/types.ts:15](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/types.ts#L15)

The data structure of a comment to be signed and then passed to the Embed API

## Type declaration

### appSigner

> **appSigner**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The address of the app signer

### author

> **author**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The address of the author of the comment

### content

> **content**: `string`

The content of the comment

### deadline

> **deadline**: `bigint`

The deadline of the comment submission in seconds since epoch

### metadata

> **metadata**: `string`

Metadata about the comment

### parentId

> **parentId**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

id of parent comments if it has one, 0x for no parent comment

#### Remarks

This zero address (32 bytes of zeros) indicates the comment has no parent and is a top-level comment

### salt

> **salt**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

Random salt for the comment

### targetUri

> **targetUri**: `string`

Empty string for replies

Commit message:

feat: revert the contract with nonce on postComment
docs(changeset): chore: revert back to use nonce for add comment

fix: updated embed and demo post comment code to get nonce

docs: mention getNonce in docs

docs/pages/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/CommentData.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [types](/sdk-reference/types/index.mdx) / CommentData

# Type Alias: CommentData

> **CommentData**: `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/types.ts:15](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/types.ts#L15)

The data structure of a comment to be signed and then passed to the Embed API

## Type declaration

### appSigner

> **appSigner**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The address of the app signer

### author

> **author**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

The address of the author of the comment

### content

> **content**: `string`

The content of the comment

### deadline

> **deadline**: `bigint`

The deadline of the comment submission in seconds since epoch

### metadata

> **metadata**: `string`

Metadata about the comment

### nonce

> **nonce**: `bigint`

The nonce for the user per app

### parentId

> **parentId**: [`Hex`](/sdk-reference/types/type-aliases/Hex.mdx)

id of parent comments if it has one, 0x for no parent comment

#### Remarks

This zero address (32 bytes of zeros) indicates the comment has no parent and is a top-level comment

### targetUri

> **targetUri**: `string`

Empty string for replies
