docs/pages/sdk-reference/react/type-aliases/CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [react](/sdk-reference/react/index.mdx) / CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps

# Type Alias: CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps

> **CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps**: `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/react.tsx:227](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/react.tsx#L227)

## Type declaration

### author

> **author**: `Hex`

The author address to filter comments by

### config?

> `optional` **config**: [`EmbedConfigSchemaType`](/sdk-reference/react/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaType.mdx)

Allows to pass custom configuration to the embed iframe.

### containerProps?

> `optional` **containerProps**: `React.HTMLAttributes`\<`HTMLDivElement`\>

Allows to pass custom props to iframe's wrapper element

### disablePromotion?

> `optional` **disablePromotion**: `boolean`

Hide powered by ECP link

#### Default

```ts
false
```

### embedUri?

> `optional` **embedUri**: `string`

URL of the comments embed iframe page. This page is rendered in the iframe.

### iframeProps?

> `optional` **iframeProps**: `React.IframeHTMLAttributes`\<`HTMLIFrameElement`\>

Allows to pass custom props to iframe

Commit message:

feat: (embed) enable chain selection
docs(changeset): feat: add chain id config to embeds

docs/pages/sdk-reference/react/type-aliases/CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](/sdk-reference/index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / [react](/sdk-reference/react/index.mdx) / CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps

# Type Alias: CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps

> **CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps**: `object`

Defined in: [packages/sdk/src/react.tsx:233](https://github.com/ecp-eth/comments-monorepo/blob/main/packages/sdk/src/react.tsx#L233)

## Type declaration

### author

> **author**: `Hex`

The author address to filter comments by

### chainId?

> `optional` **chainId**: [`EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchemaType`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchemaType.mdx)

The chain id to use for posting comments.

#### Default

```ts
8453
```

### containerProps?

> `optional` **containerProps**: `React.HTMLAttributes`\<`HTMLDivElement`\>

Allows to pass custom props to iframe's wrapper element

### disablePromotion?

> `optional` **disablePromotion**: `boolean`

Hide powered by ECP link

#### Default

```ts
false
```

### embedUri?

> `optional` **embedUri**: `string`

URL of the comments embed iframe page. This page is rendered in the iframe.

### iframeProps?

> `optional` **iframeProps**: `React.IframeHTMLAttributes`\<`HTMLIFrameElement`\>

Allows to pass custom props to iframe

### theme?

> `optional` **theme**: [`EmbedConfigThemeSchemaType`](/sdk-reference/schemas/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeSchemaType.mdx)

Allows to customise the theme of the embed iframe.
