docs/pages/sdk-reference/embed/index.mdx, before:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / embed

# embed

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Embed
Functionality for embedding comments in web applications

## Components

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [CommentsByAuthorEmbed](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/CommentsByAuthorEmbed.mdx) | Renders comments embed iframe for the given author. |
| [CommentsEmbed](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/CommentsEmbed.mdx) | Renders comments embed iframe for the given uri. |

## Other

| Name | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps.mdx) | - |
| [CommentsEmbedProps](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CommentsEmbedProps.mdx) | The props for `<CommentsEmbed />` component. |
| [CreateCommentsEmbedURLParams](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CreateCommentsEmbedURLParams.mdx) | Parameters for `createCommentsEmbedURL` |
| [EmbedConfigFontSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigFontSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigSchemaInputType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaInputType.mdx) | Custom configuration for `<CommentEmbed />` component. |
| [EmbedConfigSchemaOutputType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaOutputType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchemaType.mdx) | The type for supported chain ids |
| [EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeSchemaType.mdx) | The type for embed theme configuration |
| [EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedResizedEventSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedResizedEventSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigFontSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigFontSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigFontSizeSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigFontSizeSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigSchema.mdx) | The zod schema for `EmbedConfigSchemaType` |
| [EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchema.mdx) | The zod schema for supported chain ids |
| [EmbedConfigSupportedFont](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigSupportedFont.mdx) | It supports the following fonts from GoogleFonts |
| [EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemeSchema.mdx) | The zod schema for embed theme configuration |
| [EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedResizedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedResizedEventSchema.mdx) | - |
| [createCommentsEmbedURL](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/createCommentsEmbedURL.mdx) | Creates a URL for the comments embed iframe. |

Commit message:

Embed by root comment id (#441)
* embed by comment id

* rebuild docs

docs/pages/sdk-reference/embed/index.mdx, after:

[**@ecp.eth/sdk**](../index.mdx)

***

[@ecp.eth/sdk](/sdk-reference/index.mdx) / embed

# embed

Ethereum Comments Protocol SDK Embed
Functionality for embedding comments in web applications

## Components

| Function | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [CommentsByAuthorEmbed](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/CommentsByAuthorEmbed.mdx) | Renders comments embed iframe for the given author. |
| [CommentsByRepliesEmbed](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/CommentsByRepliesEmbed.mdx) | Renders comments embed iframe for replies to a specific comment. |
| [CommentsEmbed](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/CommentsEmbed.mdx) | Renders comments embed iframe for the given uri. |

## Other

| Name | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| [CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CommentsByAuthorEmbedProps.mdx) | - |
| [CommentsByRepliesEmbedProps](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CommentsByRepliesEmbedProps.mdx) | - |
| [CommentsEmbedProps](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CommentsEmbedProps.mdx) | The props for `<CommentsEmbed />` component. |
| [CreateCommentsEmbedURLParams](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/CreateCommentsEmbedURLParams.mdx) | Parameters for `createCommentsEmbedURL` |
| [EmbedConfigFontSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigFontSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigSchemaInputType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaInputType.mdx) | Custom configuration for `<CommentEmbed />` component. |
| [EmbedConfigSchemaOutputType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSchemaOutputType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchemaType.mdx) | The type for supported chain ids |
| [EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedConfigThemeSchemaType.mdx) | The type for embed theme configuration |
| [EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedResizedEventSchemaType](/sdk-reference/embed/type-aliases/EmbedResizedEventSchemaType.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigFontSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigFontSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigFontSizeSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigFontSizeSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigSchema.mdx) | The zod schema for `EmbedConfigSchemaType` |
| [EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigSupportedChainIdsSchema.mdx) | The zod schema for supported chain ids |
| [EmbedConfigSupportedFont](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigSupportedFont.mdx) | It supports the following fonts from GoogleFonts |
| [EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemeColorsSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemeOtherSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemePaletteSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedConfigThemeSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedConfigThemeSchema.mdx) | The zod schema for embed theme configuration |
| [EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedGetDimensionsEventSchema.mdx) | - |
| [EmbedResizedEventSchema](/sdk-reference/embed/variables/EmbedResizedEventSchema.mdx) | - |
| [createCommentsEmbedURL](/sdk-reference/embed/functions/createCommentsEmbedURL.mdx) | Creates a URL for the comments embed iframe. |
